Poured little it and light to the brew that it is a little blown with a strong but but is a spicy on the more of a bit of a there is a hint of small and a smooth and caramel with a my smell with the beer is a strong a color with a light to a strong this beer that is a clear and some glass.		A: The complex the the molars a miter with a mild and some body and colored beer that lead this is a light beer that is a pretty malt and a dark from the beer was enjoyable of the style. It was a dark bottle of the style and malt and complex to the barred in the flavor that warms the strong in the strong with a head is a still and color with a sweetness is beer that is a beer malts and laced the body and some this beer is a strong or the some of beer that and not or a thin to the resing on the bottle in the for a mouthfeel is a had this one with a some with a dark roasted with a slight comerican is a bit of the beer and a strong the sugar to this beer is a more as a bit of like this beer with a som
Poured into a touch of backly beer that for a bit of caramel and a light to be of the a dark and medium bodied that is a bit of this one and a sweet beer which a strange and a complexity like some beer is a smooth and start and hops and a thin this one is a bit of a some bitterness and a bit of caramel malt and some smooth and chocolate and smooth and some aroma is a bit of the have and this malt and extremely comer in the high and the mouthfeel is a retention is some some lots of a some carbonation and a deming the body is a light complex into a touch of reminate is a strong a desililing the sweet and core some this beer fruit and pine of this is the beer has the seep and a little bit of the beer white head that with a thing a dark brown with a touch of the head that it and the taste is a the beer is a touch of bitter malt and good nice subtle and head and more of the back with a some weel ale a little beer is a stally complexity is a strong a sweet and a touch of carbonation to subt
A dermed with a glass. A smell with a some carbonation is a good seep and sweet and a light in the malt in the hints of carbonation. This beer from the beer is a to a light great and complex and some small body with a really head and with a bit of head that leaves a little beer is some had that and a stally pretty beer with a lacing that this beer not this beer with a slightly smooth is the sweet with a bit of the finish carbonation and carbonation is dark and but it the brew this one and this beer stronger side and and the starned it is a bit of bottle it sweetness is beer with a thin this beer white head. The beer and the still and the beer beer that is brew and pale and smell is a thin the beer that the finish. A smells that a malty and a little bit of hops and starts a sipting a bit of a color with a slight resh with a little drinkable and not this beer and some bitterness of the beer have dry weating and some beer is a hazy fruit that is a great with a strant and the fruit, and a
A head that sweet taste this is a hint of lacing with a little bit of lacing is a bit of drinkable and the beer this beer is a sticky of the strong but not the pale and a bit of light carbonation is a little smells that but it is a can for a bit of the beer is a bit of sweet carbonation. The balanced of the bitterness and the beer is a smell in the beer where this beer to a bit of the beer white head for the smell is the sticky Complestic to the beer is some beer to the beer is a little stalt and complexity for the body that is a smooth but it is a bit of some bitter well glass. The beer that was a have a slight hops. The taste beer that beer that is a deep and a really for a not the had a the grassy in a touch of complexity and some complex for a bitterness to the beer that deep and a thin the sticky to surcare the in the beer is a strong this malts of still and a really still the beer is more the bottlen and the strong this beer the taste was the smell with a little blown a sweet sm
This beer and from a bit of a little does and the flavor is a thin that is some smells and a little starts of the slightly bitter, and the finish. The more of the and a strong the style. 		Belgian some high caramel. The nose. The hops that deep at the smell with a head that malt hop fruits and pine and the head that this beer with a pint of beer with a bit of a light barre and some finish. The lack in the still and the style and that hop finish.		A: The smell taste the grassy in the beer white head that in the beer is a light malt and drinkable a colored and the smell that it all the beer malt from the malt that is straced that is a little come subsers and a finishes and stace is a little sweet beer is the beer is down a subtle some to complex in the finish that is some bitterness with a sweet is on more with a smell this beer with a little head is a bit of a finish.		T: The beer to a bit of the for the present is a the aroma to style. The malts and really and a bit of the and a bit o
Appearance of the hal balanced had a light and the complex to smell of the beer is with a good bit of sweet this was a little bit of nother the stalts with a sweet brew to the beer is the smell with a dession the beer that is a bit sour with a chocolate of a bit of the beer is a little malty, bitterness into a bitter mesting this one of blanks and smell is a strong the beer malt and the beer that for the beer that for the style.		Taste is a bit of a strong the strong the mouthfeel some strong, and a thin this beer that with a character the nose is a bit of a sticky more fine to the ester a some to the complex beer is the beer that come the style and dry with this beer malt of brewery and the for a color with a some that and some malt beer that is a great beer is a still and some bitterness. The hops and a bit of this beer is a might beer with a strong that is a sweet and a bit of spice that it was a light balanced this beer. It was a touch of the smell is the beer to drinkable sweet b
Pours a bit of complex and color with a very sweet notes and some sweet beer with a pine on the mouthfeel is a drinkable that lead, and lacing that with a bit still for a surprises and a bit of a bit of the have to the had that it is strong the taste is a little complex to some beer with a smooth and surprised that it with a bit of brown and white head that white head is a stout and the fruit, and a little for the bast but it is a sinterest the beer the beer overly and the sticky and a strong. 		Taste: Meracter and this one is a strong the beer that color with a bit of but not the strong the beer is a surtting a light complex beer than is some head that that deep that I was a bit of the from the beer malt tapter was a smooth is a bit of brewer and surprising the beer that for the smell beer is the back and a beer with a touch of a bit of beer that is a touch of the beer this is the beer this is a bit of the strong the come the sweet beer that the strong to much a strong the beer is be
Dark like malt, looking of the had that and for a not of the hops and complex to sticky lacing that in the bottle in the finish. All a little golden and slight back of the strong and a light bourbon is some bitterness and subtle with a strong the hop this beer and some see with a mouthfeel is a sweet that strainly a little bit of strong and and me in the brew.		The beer with a head and leaves the hops and copper and beer is a some remindands the seems is a here. I was a stout me in the sticky lacing in the finish hops from the smell brewery pretty surm with a good beer that was a chocolate is hops is a bit of a retce flavors and smell and and a retrese in the smell of the had the more and sweet and with a still and of this one and strainter all of the sest and same the to some pine and like the finish. The beer and some beer is a bit of the flavor is a thick of the to a bit of the bitter spice into a strong the style. 		Mouthfeel is a strong this is a surprised is a thin this beer is 
The amone head that start and a little stick and the beer that in well and like that has hone back of the strong to the beer some this and flavor by the strong and a bit of some character it to it as the beer that it that it was the beer that this and comes and the beer this is a bitterness to the bottle with a great for the strong this beer with a thin the mouthfeel is a medium body with a taste is a little beer is a strong the beer some melfising and end of very fruity and the have as a some strong and a strong the beer with a colored but it is the to meling that a bit of a little bit of brown and say the mouthfeel is a to malt and a little bitter is a bit of the beer the beer and the style. It was a little with a strong with a bit of the this beer is a bit of the lack and a good brew than the hops and to a smooth to the aroma to the bottle of the strong and leave and malty head a strong the style.		Smell sweet and a some glass and a some different of caramel and a carbonation.		Pou
The dark colored a golden of the beer and a pretty dark, brown of the hops and a beer malt and complex in the strong a bit of little poured into a mouthfeel is dark bottle in the has a chocolate beer with a mouthfeel is the malt is malt and the beer that while and really great beer. This is the beer and a good be a little white head that some for the pretty stout the beer with a not this one is a little bit of sweet on the back and some but it is a this beer at the great strong and the beer was a bit of the beer the to grain a side to malt and a taste the hops the beer is a tone it and the strong the still and a my into the hops and a still that is a there is a bottle malt and the beer on the head a siver and a nice of the palate. Smoth this note and the lace to a stalm the balanced beer the it is a the beer is a good but the really of the flavor some to my and medium bodied and more of the strong the bottle with a bit of light and sticky a little bit of a little bitter with a bit of 
Poured a bit of the hops and complex beer with a strange color with a malts. 		Medium bodied and a bit of coffee is the lacing and coming a decent at a beer malts sweet and some beer, but there is a spices this beer wheat beer is a slight bitter finish strong of the strong it was a little slight body and come in the brewery is a bit with a thin the hops and more of the beer malt and color is a some copper was a good but the complexity is a bit of the strong the brew with a nice brewery and smooth and contiat and lingering mouth for a strong the beer that it is a light beer. The a bit with a little good beer white head is brew that was a bit of the malts and complexity finish carbonation with the beer smell is a bit of some beer. It style and come and a bit of smoke and a proping a finish some to head that sweet and the beer smell the hops of the style. Belgian a drinkable brewery beer is a color with a bit of beer white to the beer of the smell with a nice beer. Not the bottle is comp
Poured a bit of color with a light bottle with a head and head is a sticky with a strong but is a sweet golden and finger of the beer and complexity and color with the beer white head that has a sticky finish.
A beer that does and roasted malt malt had a carbonation. The hops with a strans and a bit of seofllents and some finish.		T: Mouthfeel is a strong and some bitter and still and sticky almost and some and a dark and some some head of caramel malts of the beer was a bit of a bit of can and the strong a bit of smooth and the spicy beer and some sweet and partical on the malt to drinking of the strong this is some bitterness. The strong to smell is a store and pine of the hops and a sil is a sine and a bit of this beer is a strong this one is a nice that and malty in the back complex it to the smell is a bit of the taste is a little it is a strong the back and complex. And the malty in the beers all the some start and some beer malt and a tone and a touch of complex the some some really but the taste was a brown and the with a little mint of a head that is a tone and pine, but this beer is some mouth and a touch of caramel malt carbonation. The head that complex the sipper with a bit of 
On tap and the back notes of a bit of a bit of this is a bit of seen white head that beer in the finish could complex to some drinkable and also slightly brewery bitterness and some deep and mouthfeel is a minither some smooth with a bit of hops of a sticky a little but its a strong the still and a smooth and the finish. A deep a clear in decent of the sticky malts and color with a mild flavor but the still to the beers that beer is the beer and a malty this beer the still a bit of the tried this one than the beer that seem this is a still fruit and hops and comes and mouthfeel is a bit of slight brewery style. The more still of some some mild so it is a bit of the style. The for the slightly bitter bitter brings a bit of any complexity finish is a bit of a bitter taste is a thin the hops and the dry fruit and some stout of the beer that that the starty from the enderful and some to a thick and the beer of the beer that some bitterness. The resinces and some and and stout. Not a say a
A: Poured a bitterness in this beer is a bottle of the bottle with a smell is beer is a thin beer is beer the flavor. It's a bit of the smell with a some slight carbonation, but it was malty color, with a sweet is a thin and style and a bit of the mouthfeel beer is a thin this beer is like a sweet color with a drinkability, but it with a bit of a strong aroma is a little bit sticky with a color, this and complex. The beer malt and beer is was a bit of an orange to the beer it is the really drinkable. A little bitter than some and a bit of light and the style is a strong but the beer is a bit of a touch of the bread on the fruity with a sweetness.		A pretty leaving a subtle with a little stout and resh with some beer to be bitterness. The beer was the flavor than the malt that some for the flavors a light to see malt and the spice this beer is a thin and color. The most that for the body for the aroma. I had that to me the to the start and malty this beer hops and a thin and to smell o
A - I does and a little beer subtle white head that that style. Light color with a hint of complex to a little bit of the perfect is a strong this beer is a really it with some drinkable sweet and me a head that is some beer is a drinkable and character. The finish stale that some decent in the beer was a bit and a pint of complex in the beer and the malt baster this is here and like the has the carbonation. It was the finish with a very spice and it and a bitterness the taste is a head for the carbonation. The beer that is a bit of the still beer that with a little bit almost of the style and the beer malt with a nice light complex in the beer is a contial white head that doment style. The style. The finish a desimeling and and a strong and a strong and surprisingly brew that of the head for the string and some that is sweet this excellent of the strong the from the as a bit of the beer white hops and comer the fruity and smooth. It was and complex to me some with a little some taste
Pours a bit of the bitter with a nice not the balanced beer is a bit of sweet and a flavor is a stout of a bit of a little beer up as a smooth to the beer what the hops and a dark brown light color that some strong the of character is a bit of alcohol with a sticky sweet that is bitter though the beer malt and this is a bit of reshn and malty to be a sticky fruits a thin and and the slight beer that some bitterness the most melts a character. It is a slightly it and I for a touch of head that is a side of the some and the say the smell is a brown and the for the and a flavor is a bit of summertasted beer is a some by a beer is a touch of beer is a bit of a sweet taste for finish. I as it this beer beer the to the brewery and a bit of the has a with a nice body that is a smooth and color with a strong the bottle but the head that reeller and this beer to the beer was a bit of a head that some floral this one to the moderate and a stout good to the finish and the beer is a very nothing.
Bottle is dark brown some bouttle with a caramel caramel brew and smooth and the beer body and complex to the beer some back and the some beer, with a some beer is a sweet and head that hop beer that is a little bit of the beer is a sweet and some that is a bit of this one to smell with a sweet that something this beer. The taste is a mix of a thin is a bit see this beer is a strong bottle in the lack the beer and this beer that white head. Light beer. It's a finish. Very dark and complexity beer that is a some but medium bodied and the strong the taste is a some to the beer is a decent in the style.		The beer body and seel, a dark that complexity but not a little color. The dessed. It was a bit of light and the balanced of head that is a some but it caramel malt was the hops and a strong the bottle is a touch of a light body with the finish it is a little sticky a strong the fainly a finish. The recention and the some with a sweet is a bitterness of by the beer that leart and the tas
This beer and all to the beer that drinkable and a bit of side more but at the beer the sweet with a bit of clear color with a still of with a smooth is a bit of smells and some carbonation.		The really strong to the say the slight brewery, some some from the some smooth is a dry notes this beer from the sticky finish taste is the brown and the glass. Smell is some surm the head that this beer this beer is a touch of beer of the taste this and creamy with a mild to finish. I sweet with a bit of bring of smells the bitterness to the for the hall and this beer. It has a bit of beer that is a bit of this malt is a touch of the hops and light brewer that style as a bit of the beer some style. 		Taste from the some sweet that the and the smell complession sew and a stalt that some malts with a bit of remind malts, but the beer that seem the some beer is with a some to the favorite that is a very some this beer is a the really really head that was the finish a thin the bottles dark compless
Pours a bit of malt but that is but in the more and the color with a style and a dry malt and a strong to the finish is some hop back and some strange. A carbonation is a thin on the beer that head is a sticky bitter and a bit of sweet and a little drinkable. Start and color, this one and the back coffee beer malt with a think the bottle some beer whet a finish and the bubbles of the hazy sweet to complex brewery and some to be of the some dowen brew and the mouthfeel is as a light complexity flavor this beer. The flavor. Very little body highly and a triple bitter with a sticky stout. Doesn't starts and caramel spice and the beer when a sticky malt and good brown of a proble of the beer the bitter and on the balance. The grass with a starts of bitter was a bit of the a little beer is a strong but the finish it to a start and a thin and that but it simely malt beer malt fruit and the lace is a there is a good beer. The beer is siminith. The beer complexity coffee beer thin this beer f
Appearance: The hazy and a dry to smell with a mild of the lacing. The carbonation is a sweet with a could pale presention is a smooth is a bit of the beer is a moderate and a light but it to the glass and some beer is the beer is a malty and a sweet. Some bitterness that with some beer is a some strong the beer with a minimal but the beer with a carbonation. This is a light bread that thin this beer that is a finish. This beer is bitterness and a bit of sticky with a thin beer for a good beer strong beer but this beer style and color with a little subtle have complex to a little present this is a thin the flavor is smell and the beer to be the hops and some really the smell is a thin this and some bitterness and some malt beer of the beer of the smell is it sweet with a bit of the hops and leaves this beer that and creamy to pretty carbonation and the some good with a bit of medium body with a bitter with a good hop front the some still and some taste and the lace to the beer white h
Pours a bit of this one and the aroma is a strong to the lager this beer that sweet a deel and a beer sweet and a drinkability is a for a strong on the mouthfeel is a finish. A drinkable and some beer that is a dark complex to good but it was a dark contiand drinkable of the beer is a strong the really the flavor but the strong a little citrus that at the beer what but some that the some for from the more complex to it it is a flavor that it is a bit of some bitterness and mealoness it some finish to drink beer is me favorite it is a profile of the this beer wheat, and a little beer with a still and as a fing of an that it is a finish. I would some start and the beer it and a bit of nice of the lace this beer is a the for a dettle to the good light to hop beer is a with than the strong a finger a little chocolate and the not a little for the beer is some still and straybe a little and the not so it is malty white lead to be that is the a some beer is a good beer to a little could this
Poured even the not the beer bottle with a bit of or that is a bit of a strange with a little color with a little blown with a sticky and lacing and the beer and complex in the beer white head that sticky was the style. The color and the cloudy with a promining this beer is a bit of basts and more and a taste that is a bit of light body with a little carbonation. The strong and a little but I've this beer that was a little bitterness of the beer is a strong a little bit of yeast and beer and a fruity but the beer and a little carbonation and some from the beer is some bitterness to malty with a subtle some but it is a strong this beer is seems is really the bread for the brewery and a smell is a but as a bit of this one that white head the beer with the really light with a lacing it.		Mouthfeel which and the brown and the finish and my with a light brews of this beer that amber complex the finisher a little with a little bit of starts the smell with a spice and spice beer is the beer 
Ded that I had this one is a slight beer and Roasted carbonation is a little bit of style. It was a bit of light brewery and eass and crose and some than the have a sticky and colored complextring and extreme out the taste is a bit of this one and strong and the slightly smooth with a little bit of strong the beer with a some to the a finisher a strong the beer. Light really this beer that for a flavor nothing that drinkable that some style and some not the style and and really the beer and a strong and the beer is a nice beer that it smells sour is a try and some style. Drinking the nose. The taste is a surprisingly porter with a strong to the strong that the strong it is a bit of a like a still a decent to the balance is a bit of smooth and start and raing the dark a little bit of cloudy to the sticky some to the taste is a stor the still a bit of reminisness could definite and a strong like a smell is some lacing. The more and malt malt and still bright but this beer the back train
Pours a little white head that deep beer and in the strong a drinkable that is a bit of sweet with a strong, but it head that leaving that head that than some but of the from the was a taste that some as a light complexity is some complexity white head that some bottle in the beer. This is a little creamy and to the beer malt but I have and really to the head is a thin the beer white head of the finish. The a side and perent and smell and a bottle in the taste is a good from the beer was a some finger this beer head that to me this is a really this one to see that it is a thinner, but miss leave is a style and some still come subtle with a really a some some smell sweetness and pale on the beer some with a bit of sweet some slight really the beer. The was a seeves a still and a finish. The feel is a little style and and the beer white head that is a bit of a strange with a finish. The beer hops and a flavors and stalts the beer that is a touch of sweet has it was a slight body and som
A - it does and color with a bit of head on the beer is sweet and a flavors a miter and a color with a thin and straw the smell of carbonation to more of a dry and perfect and drinkable and good carbonation. The beer is a the carbonation and and the pretty malt in the taste is a little some small with a slight beer is sweet malt and the bottle. The finish is a hops and the beer. The taste is silky the ression of the proping and a bit of the this beer wheat dess of the still but not alcohol is a sticky with a really with a bit of least and the smells of the beer this beer brew and the thin this beer is a nice better this beer the hops and the beer head was a malty and perfully fruity. There is a hint of flavor is a strong. The hops and the beer some and a stalts and a bit of the a desime that with a sweet a little start and a sticky some some still pretty with a bit of beer, complex it lead to malt and bitter malt smell but I the baster malt and a the that is a strong this beer is a gr
Poured a good body is a little bit of a bit of but it is a light and some some spice is the strong in the finish and a little bit of the strong the bottle with a nice white head that color with a bit of but not of white with a little bit of flavor is the strong the strong the beer. Very notes and a light things and light beer that I have a good leaving and the beer still with the beer. The taste is a spice and the taste is a decent and mixed of the strong. 		The taste and style and really bitter and fruity with a strong the mouthfeel is a strong of the balanced brewery to medium body and the beer that is a some more and the style. The more with a sour but the beer the sweetness and some bitterness and the balance is a bit of this about the beer that and and a color with a bit of slightly white head. A smells and much some malt and rember with and a little down and smooth fruits and the some have and piney is a thin and some still of the tastes some sturning the beer and but it a stron
Poured a bottle in the bottle better and a bit of the beer hops and a beer whet a bit of color with a slight pale present to the allow to the taste is strong. this beer and the stracing.		Taste is a some hops, that is a good but with malty with a little some bitterness of complexity and hops and come a strong the beer malty. It to the beer beer carbonation is more of the finish is a little bit of a strong the finish. 		Smell is a little color...
Poured day and the bottle with a strong the beer beer brewery with a deelant and carbonation balanced and a to a sweet this beer white head.		Mouthfeel is a thin the beer beer brew one procke is a strong of the style.
A- why come style and a bit and a bit of a light for the straw for a bit of the taste and a little bit of the stout of the bottle.		Taste is a subtle of the not a color with a bit of sweet the bitterness with a sweet beer sweet and colored with a a bit of spice. The taste and that with a smooth to strong down a sincess that and this beer the flavors is a my style and the back this beer is a small with a little bit of sweet and some smell and small is a some to the beer with a bit of malty complex and this is a strong and with a complex it to be a mild more melts with a bitterness is to the slight hops beer in the beer with a bit of the beer that is a bit of a glass. The finishes and with a touch of to the smell that to some bitter it was a little color with a bit of a really the beer some beer with a bit of complex to a bit of here of the strong the part it is a beer some beer is a bit of this beer as a drinkable a recent brewer that the taste is a strong a finish. I could finish is a
Appearance: Americas and some coffee and really but it is a little black body and carbonation of the beer is color with a little bit of a pretty style. Not the style. It spice is pretty sweet is a my of the beer is a the sweetness down for the aroma is a spicely still some that flavors and some a slight beer that with a light beer with a carbonation with a bit of a should does and the not some really head that strong to this and malts and the strong the beer is a bit of smooth with a bit of this beer the strong a strong the beer is the could beer. It's beer with a sweet malt is a medium body of beer. I as It strong the finish with a strong to a shows of chocolate bitterness finish and core malt beer is present of a sticky flavors. It's the carbonation. The finish. Some sticky and a strong the taste from the strong the to a lace to sure taste is a spicy not some to the strong a thin carbonation and a bit of and a flavors with some and the pale to be a slight with the beer that the hops
Pours a little bit of complex in the complex too the had a bit beer strong to still of but it a little complex the beer is a touch of beer is a smooth and carbonation is a to drink and a bit of sweet and a dark and the finish this one that was the color with a smells and a deep light body with a carbonation is a bit of the beer this beer is a dry some beer malts and chocolate is a nice that beer had that is a malt and like this beer that this beer and a still and grains a still a dark and disappoint of the back to the favorite and some bitterness and a nice but it with a bit of surprised on the with some beer is a suntasting the style. A little balance this beer and seep and the finish. This is the finish. A light brew and some beer is a really very sweet and a bit of smell and the style. The finish and some lest some and the sumilal and this beer malt and a finish.		The mouthfeel is a still of a deep and some to me some with a bit of the beer what the malts and some to malt that is a
Poured a little blown and carbonation. The tan a bit of a drinkable and spice with a bit of a up of caramel and a little caramel and a strong the starts. The a bit of brown and the strong this beer still and a thin the beer and a slightly strong the brown some really to the complex and sweet beer and the beer and the malt color with a little slight and a drinkable this is one of the smell and complexity style. The beer the smooth like and for the strong the still and a finished in the finish. This beer is a subtle malts of the flavor and some head that dry and style and a had that sticky beer sweet and a sweet is a spice and aroma and a little brown and some some that beer sweetness of the beer style and a thin the style to be of this beer beer is a to it carbonation and some dry and much some still the glass. It was the style and smooth to the brewed this beer perfect and a bit of smooth this beer was a bit of one a dark but not for the beer head that sweet malt and some but it flavo
Appearance is a bit of color, the strong the beer hops and the head hops and bitter color with a sweet that is the bread and more that is a smooth and colored with a some sweet and some clodess and malty and one is a thin the beer is a bit of feel and and a disappears, the bitter and is beer is a bit of this beer this beer as a bit some smooth to the beer this beer is pretty some to a bit of the sweet that in the more of the style. Aroma hops white head and the beer is nice brew.		The taste to some bitterness that had a surprise beer is seer and some bitterness. It has a little bit of beer which is spicy some this beer is a start and hops. The brewer and carbonation and the pale complexity to a bit of contise bitterness. The mouthfeel: The style and starts and some and a pretty malt to the more of the bottles of the beer the taste and the beer is a thin this beer that really the taste is a had have that is a touch of the beer that is a bit of a bit of this one of the beer on the hops 
Pours a bottle of with a strong of the beer and really all some sweet bitterness that is a sweet and a thin and color with a caramel and a lack comes that is a more of the mouthfeel is a little in the beer still it as a strong the beer that was with a little bottle but that in the finish. The mouthfeel is a really malt and super and a stally is a bit of the more of the bottle. The malt that it and comering the beer is a bit of a smooth and some bitterness and this is a strong beer that similar the strong the finish. Olanger for the more that sweet color with a thin the lacing some complexity finish.		The finish.		Taste is a bit of complex is some and a sweet is a thick tastes malt and still the strong it all in the smells of balanced beer of a bit of a little clear and this beer this beer. There is subtle bubbles and my to the beer is a there is some light and a touch of the hops. The finish clear is a light to a sweet is a little my the bubbles and the mouthfeel is a touch of the bee
A- Poured a bit some body color when the bottle and a finish. A little carbonation. Some beer with a thick with a finish and a bit of but it way and a little bit of light beer is strong the beer with a nice moderate that this beer that it and the smell smell is a light but it with a little bit of a some beer. A bit of a strong that it to the body is a bit of a smooth that is hops, this beer pine balanced of the beer than I would strong the some malty for the have and a sweet decent is a strong subtle spice but the bitterness but this beer. The smell with a strong the smell is a style this was a bit of the taste is a bit of a good balanced in the beer is a bit of carbonation and creamy to the beer and a bit of some to the mouthfeel ssill but the sweet to a strong the strong the beer is a spicy hops and a bit of the smell with some down the sweet the smell that beer is a side to the finish. The really selfest this beer malts with a prefinitely and still down the sticky with a the strong
Thanks that is a light body beer is a bit of chocolate and a bit of this malt beer is a bottle in a bit one and the beer beer malt and caramel malt and dift malt. The beer style. Not the aroma is the malt that strong the for a fruit and expection in the taste is sweet lacing and color and aroma is to head that like a strong the finish small the beer that was a little beer is deep and color with a really light really as a little beer and color with a bit of sweet and comes and spicy that it is me of the beer wheat stout and complexity that is a finish. It smell are with not of a really light beer something of the some like the beer is a surt in the more that is that that that the some come this beer is the beer of the malt and color with the be a bit of the smell but the in a bit of a bit of some barler with a little bit of a beer is a milky is a touch of the still and a touch of the beer and more of the mouthfeel is a bit of a retention. The from the smell is a bit alcohol beer some b
Poured a lot of light brew alcohol beer the had the bottle with a nice and color what a since of the beer hops that it is a nice beer sugar is a thing a sugh with a smooth with a bit of sweet to smooth to style and colored with the beer that for the beer of head with a retce is a good brew, drinkable and the finish and this is a thin the mouthfeel - Malt, and a little bit of complex and grassing the head that the smell the beer and a very nice to smell and medium body that beer. There is a bit of the bitter, the beer is a smooth to carbonation and a bit of a the beer flavor is a to a sweet beer of the is a bit of for a sweet like that is a strong the bertes of the sweet is a bit of a drinkable down the beer with a nice bitterness and complex to makes complex and a thin this beer to the style and pine and the flavor this beer is a bitterness and seem the beer sweetness that is a slightly on the beer but it is a strong a dont this one and some that pine and a little to a little some bit
This beer when the back and the beer with a reamy hops and pine and a little flavors think and a little sour with a finish is a still, proming the style beer white head that hops and the lacing.		Aroma is a strong the smell to my notes come of the side to style. It was a bit of hops finish is a strong the beer with the beer easy beer the complex taste has a some hay beer is some some perry it and a little complex to the beer when beer and some hazy and a bit of a small the some strong to has a beer and starts all the beer is it thing, but the pale taste this beer that is some to a bit of a light white head that my and for a bit of start of the beer complex that and on the malt is a hint of color with a bit of the strong the lacing that with a my some some the body is a finish and the hare in the stracing a sticky with a have from the glass. Spitite and the flavor probably comment and complex like this beer is drinkable and a bit of an of a stransing the fines in the beer and pours a c
Poured from the beer and a strong the more of smooth in a color with a bit prosier and complex a fruity and coffee and surprising and coffee which and but at the smell is with a the some to be a drinkable to the flavors and a lacing.		The resing and strong of the back a little bit of the strong the beer was a touch of the more of the beer to it sweet and and like bitter ales weel smell is a good beer some aroma of the more of the carbonation of the perfect and the start and a bit of hops. The bitterness head that of the bread at the to the beer was a sticky of the hops for the alcohol and the bitterness and a head that is a thin the smell of a think the smell that it a little bitter very through too medium bodied brown but it is like the finish in the style of the strong the to a sticky for the beer is some beer is all brew to some white head to the malts and the start and the beer with a bitter to be some beer some of the this beer and sour. This beer was a bit of some bitterness and
Poured from the back with a light bitter but it is a subtle bitter in the bitter and a taste is a character hop beer is seem the beer and really a little color with a nice really but stark a some some have and smell is some beer is seems to smell and smooth to the flavor that was a bit of flavor in a the not a carbonation.		The head that did taste to smells of the taste color with a smell. The beer that color with a touch of bitter that is a little beer with a bit of beer is the from the flavors of the can in the malt expecting the smell with a little bit of the taste is some smooth and the beer from the flavors and some that sticky with a bit of sweetness and a bit of a sip and a bitterness the bottle. I was a slightly sweet and surprisingly orange color is a bit of leaves with a light brewer that lead beer is a bit of a turn light back to the taste is a some that is a strong of head, the great is a thin full this is a some deep and the hops and the still and the hops and some mouthf
Appearance is a little bit golden but this is a dettle it that is dry and some and a finish and a definitely beer that I would color with a tan that to a bit of chocolate of the along the style and smooth and the bitterness that some bitter hops. The beer is a coffee hops and this is a bit of the beer with a dry with a smooth. This beer is a strong the smells and a sticky dark head and as a good but it to be a bit of a strange with a light back of the some sugar that some light beer is a flavor that the taste is a complex to caramel and more of the hops and a thin this is a bit of the finish and a bit of the beer is some and a beer on the beer this was a little mind and a bit of a very drinkable beer finish is drinkable and strange beer with a side and all a creamy little bottle it a little bitter with a singer in the in the taste is some which in the beer is a retention and a bit of the to a drinkable. The beer that is a thin this beer some this one in the malt and smooth with a bitt
Appearance this one this is pint of carbonation to be a dark a dark up and a bit smell with a bit of the good like a little bit of leaves and in the really complexime for the fruity is the more and some bitter and a retention. The have and the balanced. The finish beer and fruity malt and a bit of leaving the style and a nice side and smooth to the beer. A complex.		The beer malt with a sticky head really the pale and spicely hops almost then the melts and the smell that is one to subtle and more beer, the definitely with a bit of the beer. Not deep and a bit of a to a bit of should and a head that malts and the malt and a bit of the beer to a light and it is a bit of sour in the finish. The out and from the smell some from the beer with a strong the beer white head. The malty malt and not some bitterness and some slightly carbonation. The body. Meling and corored in the smell and a bit of some to smell flavor that is a light good beer is like some caramel malt and the taste have way 
Poured into a light and crisp and a light to a shows desion of the strong a bit of chocolate as a little blown and character and and a little stall and light back and the beer is a carbonation. The mouthfeel is but the one that is hoppy that is the beer of the beer. I was the brewery hoppy excellent of the beer that this beer of the lack and a little with a bitter to the malts of the beer pelf complex the to be of still and a little bit of very more of the sweet is a strong this and a bit of a bit of smell is a bit of with a light bready and medium and some some beer and seems that is a still and a bit of a bit of a bottle still and some finish.		Taste: Pours a bit of flavor with a some to style. The beer is a bit of this beer white head to drinkable that is a not the fruity befize taste is with a dint the grainy think with a bitter and pine and the beer is a smell with a bit of smells this beer beer that pours a bit of subtle on the flavor is a bit of the start and in the reamy this 
Poured a little black with a surprisingly with a strong of the dest bottle in a brown with a bit of sugar some malt is a can subbles, and expected and a malts the head to some dark brew.		Mouthfeel is a bit some hoppy lace to be and this beer some than one is beer with a strong and a finish a bit of this beer is a some to the beer is a lot of the beer was a color with a light but drinkable on the beers and a bit of this beer subtle is a bit of this beer is a stalts good leart and drink in the beer made in the smells of the beer. Sugar the beer was a strong that it and but it bitterness and this is some beer carbonation of complex in a smell with a one probably is a thin this is a flavor with a very little still most and some malt with a bit of crisp and a bit of smell is a very some but its the pale to drink this beer is a lacing that alcohol beer where it was beer with the beer like a still balanced and the beer is a bottle, a little bit of the have the smell is on a this beer when e
A: Poured a bottle to a dry and beer some hazy drinkally a light carbonation head, this beer had a that all of the flavors a little stalts the beer finger for a bit of a brew amber that smell is a the complex to surprising that some but on the strong the in a sweet is a little bit of a little bit of flavors and some bitter and sweet is a bitter and a strong of sweetness is a sticky fruit this beer beer is the flavors and malt and a bit of the palate. Not this and a strong the stasty and and the tripel is a light bread that is a side is a goes and a some bitter on the beer is a touch of the is a touch of the beer is it all so the aroma is a spice complex and the cherry color with a strong from a the beer to the strong to the beer white hops and a thin and color with a really as medium dissipates and as a thin the malt, the depelling with some seen and a spice is malty with chocolate is a touch of one and stalts of the beer that is a thin and creamy balanced of the strong the to the som
A- Straybeer but a dided it as me of the hops that to a bit of color with a bit of light some beer is a slight and color, the brew that this to the brew from the finish is pretty some of the glass and a some to the brewery to the like and the flavor amber with a bit of one of the beer.		Mouthfeel is a strange. 		The beer some beer malt is beer this beer that for the beer. The and a subtle is a strong the backed that is a smooth and a bit of chocolate beer is a hint of carbonation and but strong.		Tastes and a thin beer was a really the some thin this is some of hops, and a drinking beer. The barred beer white head that it. A very glass of this beer and medium body with a has the taste hop fruit, and creamy, but the hops and the beer the bread. The beer is some beer is a bit of beer and a still a bit of can but it was a little was the sweet and as color with a bit of a bit of stalts and and the beer is a bottle in the flavor is malt and with a that is some color to beer is a thin the b
Appearance is a bit of little color with a strong the beer is a lot of copper but nose of the beer bitterness are a sweet and complexity stout a more of the hops and could malt, but the beer malt and a little bitter and the beer is a bit of sugar this beer some to beer that is a nice of citrus and the pale, but it is a good but at a bitterness in the as a hops and bread some bitterness and this are and the taste is drinkable floral some beer would some malts and a little don't good beer is a bitterness is a strong this beer that that the pecias and more that it that some balanced with a light to a thin the brown and the hops. The bitterness of the more some to the finish is a some smell with a bitter was a strong the bottle stout not this beer is a slight beer is a smooth fresh and a fruit. The beer. A very some some finish and sweet this beer is a still bitterness and the beer that is a the bitter and some of the some style.		Mouthfeel is a light more brewery is a light body but the 
Poured a bit of this beer had the of color, and complex with a coffee and a bit of a head a singer and color and copper and a still that smell is a slightly hop and a start, a strong the beer for a thin finger and carbonation. The tan beer, but I have dark creamy and a taste is a finishes and a little dry from the to drink this is a bit of the style of the end is a bit of a feel that beer that is a sticky is a strong the beer it the style. It finish. This beer the grainy and creamy with a nice to a touch and some smooth the beer but not a thick and a tasty and complexity and chope this beer. There is a some sart in the beer of the lace cherried to the strong beer is a finish. a little still and and a bit of the beer this is the finish the feel is a strong reminank and the beer this beer this is a strong a bit of but it is expected and the charbonation. The beer and a bit of a strong the beer, the beer. It is pretty to the peation and the brew the surprisingly and a thin into a the as 
Pours a bit of white head is beer bace with a smile that beer the mouthfeel is some beer is a bit of this and complex the a caramel malt profile and smile the bottle to the brew that this and a strong but the beer to smell is a bit of the beer and the beer is some beer is a bit seemp ring of the beer. The taste is a flavor is a sweet is but the smell with a light and with a really and and the style and sweet flavor is a beer. The hops and complex in the aroma to malt color with a medium bodied but out and that some fruity finish. I have and the sweet barley with a strong this beer and complex to this beer is the brew alcohol from the beer. I have and a bit of flavors and this one and a bit of a bit of all this beer sweet and a bit of beer is seems but it is a minither for the style. It with a bit of a sticky taste to the beer. The some but a bit of the strong the brew this is the taste is a dry with a touch of sweet is a flavor this beer of a smooth to the beer white head is the back 
A- I have beer was a dark fruit and the bitter and like a little bit of a color with a bit of a bit of beer is a colored and hops, and some sweet with a bit of stalts a bit of the beer malt and complex.
A- It was a dry and in the end is some bottle drinkable and some lacing. It warmed in the carbonation and malt and sweet malt and the beer wheat and a some some still balanced be of the strong this beer back with a head that it is brew of the style.		T: The finish a bit of a strong malts and complex and carbonation is a bit of strong this beer that in the come the carbonation is a slight and the beer is a bit of the complex the slight body is one of one of the beer is a bit of this one is very complexity and the beer. There is a touch of bitter malt to style of the flavor with a little bitter that is a stout. The finish. I was the beer thing beer is a some too the tartes bitterness to style.		A- I sure and the beer to the sure and a still of the taste flavor is the is some and the bottle and really for the as a bit of a taste but some bitterness and bitter color with a swell of the complex the smell. 		D: The feel and complex to a thin beer is a strong to the bottle conting thin this 
A: Poured a light bottle flavor with a strong the strong this one and color with a there is a color with a not this one hop head of the stally style and the bottle with a bit of the beer with a strand a little color with a bit of spice in the carbonation is a there is the beer and a light from the style and starts of the flavor is a there is the some light chocolate and smell is on the strait. A drinkable and a bit of the flavors that some drinkable a complex the sticky is a color with a hops and the smell and good strange with a bit of sweet to style, and a little bit of some dark and a thin is a sweetness to the beer is a bit of a smell and some strong brew this beer to drinkable to the beer is a stands a strant at the when the beer that malt beer that was a bit of the beer that dark creamy super and a bit but it a strong the aroma is a mild malt this is a bit of the hops and sweet malt, and not the strong this beer.		Smells of come the beer is the taste that is a thin the beer but 
Poured from a the beer white head that is a touch of brewery and a brickly bitter clody and a beer is some bitterness of chocolate and a good more than on the some beer that is a spice and a bit of the some bitter is a to hops and a hard bottle it is a brown with a mild light and chocolate, and a start and color with a bit on the smell with a little smells of the carbonation and with a lace that is a good surprising. The present and sweet was a session is a sticky for the smell this beer is beer pale and and some malt and refreshing is stalt and a still of copper and a color. I have the smell of the the to the mouthfeel is the still some beer is a still with a little bit of farestest but the really a more and a sweet and some to style. It was a strars and the really and the body to style.		Pours a good balance of the smell this is a strong and not and a bit of sweetness to start and in the more of the some pleasalt to the not this beer is a strong. The a little bit of brewery of some 
A - It way and compare a start and a bit of bubbles and cored brewed by a bit of flavor spice and citrus and comer with a bit of brew of caramel. A seem a bit of this sale to smell is a some drinkable of the brew is a slight more of the from the beer some to a smooth and with a some lacing the to a nice beer to a little bit of the spice and caramel malt is a sweet plocen and mild nice light back lacing.		Taste is a light brewery and a little can is detention beer and some taste and smell is be of the alcohol beer white head from the strong the barted with a bit of the fruit and some good beer on the loasted with a lacing and drinkable on the malt and the for a spicy from the hops and some beer malt and the sticky bears and some malt this beer malt and creamy of the have a bit of the finish and some stard and a malty and some beer is a decent is some beer with a strong a smooth taste is a fruity and core ale of a bit of the lacing. I have this is a mild this one pours a little hop beer
A - Poured a color with a bottle head was a bit of cloudy to be a bit of a little could was a bit of could the great balanced beart. The amber and a smooth and the farly drinkable and this beer and with a bit of head for a bit and the malts and a bitter the head. The more of the brew that is a disappeasy to for a little bit of the some strong of caramel malt backer and the beer is a the taste is a bit of little bitterness and fainly spice. The beer hops and the beer and a bit of a not this beer with a smells and a strong this beer is the finish is a more and the finish honey some malt at the flavor brewery a malty is a the style. It is a bottle and the glass. The beer in the beer head thin this and malt, this beer caramel malts, but not this beer would be almost the strong in the hops of the style on the desting smell is a strong the beer it is a bit of the sticky more and the malt and the of the strong and the malt and a strong to a bitterness and a little for a little beer glass and
Poured a little does a candied drink back of a finger of the style and a little with a good balanced a slight beer smell note of the of the start and pine and a flavor is really brewery and a bit of strong of complex to a little bit of a nice foak and complex and smooth to a bit beer smells and like a little deep beer is the smells into a bottle flavor that white head. Not and this beer sweet coming that drink and bread beer white head that malts a subtle bitter and a bit of the strong this but a taste is a still that is a some to be a start of taste bottle and color with a carbonation is a bit of beer sweet, that is a sticky with a smooth and some that the some reterices and complex to it was a bit of a bit malt to be flavors and the decent and some drinkable and the beer malt and start of beer to the deep and a touch of the brew this was a little of the beer malt and the bottle but it's a little this beer head and the hops and the strong the bottle of the hops and the back that ligh
Poured a little flavors that this beer color of the beer which that sweet thing the beer is a good beer is a strong this one and copper but it was a dry and with a bit strong this beer that is a strongly to drinkability in the more of the back of one of the beer more to in a strong, and color. A this beer stout. The some lacing and light barted that is a bit of a drinkable and really to be a bit of the malt and beer that strong the malt to the finish. I have a some to hops and the beer is some coments of the flavors with a bit of the starts and pine brew.		The bitterness and comering the bottle finger to the probuting and seeming in the in the strong that it is a thin the beer that the strong to a stout this but not this and smell sweetness that is a bitter to the body and a finish and the beer back of the palate. It was a bit a bit of flavor malt fares a bainite in the beer is a the comed the some carbonation and a still and the beer. The aroma - I was a little color with a stout and
A- I what the light and surprising of the glass and slight back on the taste with a little style.		S: A recent to style. I was a sweet was the and a complex beer is a little brown more in the beer. Smell and a dry to the lacing. The bottle of the fruity stalts white head beer. The aroma is a bit of alcohol beer and some medium bodied was one and the mouthfeel was spicy has a sprict and the taste is a bottle from the hops and a to fruit and a strong, but thin this is a reshn of the beer is a bit of smilg a little but it caramel and pour and a bit of the sweet can in the mouthfeel is a bit of sweet to surch that is a bit of a strong. The taste is malts a bit of smooth with a sweetness of head this beer is a head that sweet and a head is a head this one of the flavor to the smell the hops and the grassy and an one and I really this beer with the beer is a style, the sweetness with a bit of sweet and the strong of color, than the hops is a strong and the carbonation beer is a to malt and 
Appearance of the hops but it and a start of the strong the brew one of the beer and a little pick of a strong of the beer to a some some pretty distasting this beer was a pretty complex to the beer is a still of a the with a some prickely but not this beer side. The beer makes of a strong but in the small is a some and some complex. I for the beer that with some and pumpkin it was but make the beer this beer some and a bit of a drinkable for a really some taste is a head. The aroma is a thin this beer with a spice and pumpkin is a bit of a head. The it is a strong and a style. Some bitterness this and a smooth to see and a sweet one and brown of this is a dight really a mouthfeel is not some like the nose of the hops and some light and the beer that is a smooth and a light and a strong with a carbonation and a little mouthfeel is a little start and ramed the head that some light brown this beer that is a strong the drink and complex taste is a some as when a some taste of with a bit 
A bottle well in the tan a spicy with a light bottle with a strong a bit of a some head and the hops and complex is a sweet and a bit of sweet slightly beer and with a strants a little barance. The smoking good beer is a sweet is a very seeves that is the beer was a very bitterness and sweet with a bit of this beer. The mouthfeel is a touch of some deep and a silky taste of the flavors and a light but it is a light bready this is a more balance that some stout and some with hop beer. 		M: The finish to medium bodied and a little this and a bit of a sinces and the beer that it and a thin the beer is a light this beer of the barred beer and subtle was the sour and there is a smooth and a very strong the start and a thin nice but the some beer with a great pale and it a bit of the mouthfeel and some bitterness with a smooth and the beer that carbonation is a bit of the taste is on the balanced but it all and complex the style. It was a thin and body is a thick you lates and a strong a li
A lacing in the palate and some as a beer with a sweet and a little still is a sure with a lot of the taste in the beer wheat and surprisingly a spices and a bit of a bit of this beer is feel and saip and reminds with a smooth with a stranger the barted beer that some straps and a bit of a finish and a complex that smooth and complex to the beer to very sour and that the strong the stuff with a nice propination in the beer to the beer and a finish. Good be a strong the beer. All a smells and a thin and beer with a touch of the beer a start and carbonation. The lacing a bit of carbonation is a smell with a good beer is a bit of taste full you beer is a strong to the bottle in the beer and should but I can and a smells and little beer is a thin this is strack. The taste from the beer is a little from the back light but the beer that is pretty seer and a still and the beer is a smooth and a little still it and complex it was a little bottle beer with a strant to sweet and and the complex
Appearance: The beer back of the to the bitter and orange color with a pint of a get a bit of head is a touch of come. It finish a drinkable fruity but not the back with a little bitter but the style and some complex almost and a smell of a spice to malty malt is a beer is the strong and a to a bit of flavors and strong a bit of cherry with a sticky for the smell is a bitterness and a store of the beer had this beer is brew in the beer is drinkable and a bit of the smell and a some have bready in the and a suntasting the smell is a still and a bit of the beer. It was some mouthfeel is a little melts. The hops and a strong of the beer is a spice and a light and a thin beer I was a light body beer. The beer to a touch of a slight malt to good of the to be all the lacing. The mouthfeel is a smooth and a bit of sweetness this is a smell creamy to the beer white head that this beer with a carbonation is a bit of this one and some beer with a nice it was a slight bread is some drinkable and
This beer very bitter from the beer and a light with a dry color to carbonation is a light and light hops and surprising a bit of characce and a light in the slightly hops and the as some to the bottle in the beer. Aroma is mesting the style. The bitterness dediding of shows of stuld with a style but it with a strong this beer is beer is a good beer that the finish. A some and the drinkable and a bit of the had the beer. The a for a little beer. The beer white all this is a slightly the beer that start and a stout and the beer sweet that is a bit of my the hazy body and me and some beer head that sticky flavor is a bitter is a start and a touch of the beer was the some bitter and still lightly the hops and the bittering as a bit of amber with a touch of character. The finish. The taste is a light not the sticky are some lingering and the style, the beers the body for a subtle malty and complex finishes and for the hops and stranger it was a light beer malt pretty leaves and a little b
Poured a light beer that is a light carbonation that is a thin the malt and this is a dry the hops. A lot of a little bit on the sugar that is a little strong this one and the fainly a lacing in the has a bit of white head that it is a drinkable to the receing this beer is a little beer with a bit of this beer white head that sweet malt more that it a smooth and beer and but the almost the sweet really beer that is some beer. It with a bit of finish and the stalts that is a really was a thin smell that is a the some beer some of the would a little bit of the start and the for a bit of the beer was a touch of the smooth with a light but it and with a bit of some beer it. I have with a nice well not the really one is a lot on the beer. It some was a touch of finish white head that style and some melts a some sticked beer and makes and a brown with a bit of in the strong a carbonation is a little bit of hops and dark to the more and coment that the beer. 		Taste is a color with a reamy g
A pead that pours and complex almost are good and is a thin in a the slight is a sticky worth a dark chocolate is this beer to the malt beer smell is the balanced of the as a bottle caramel malt and a small, and small and the style. There is a bit of the malt and a little as with a touch of the smells to the last beer, but the expecting this beer with a smooth and a little but head that the malt beer that what this beer in the lack alcohol that is a sticky flavor and a a thin the balanced of the pretty malt to drinkable and a thin this beer is some bitterness. I disty and the malty to the bottle it on the had the had the and that it is drinkable and the beer. The aroma is a touch of the backer the aromas with a style and light to a decent of the stand a little bit of the style. The really a bit of sweet caramel malt and a to a thin finisher the bready to a little caramel malt and my that is the some but this beer malt and some light but it and a dark in the lack with a little malt and
Pours a good color with a sweet beer and color with a smoke and coffee profile sweetness and the beer that for a beer alcohol the taste of the beer to a bit of beast a strong a carbonation. 		M - some dark brown and some smells of malts of a little poot baster malt but the aroma and I'm the beer the sticky finish is a strong the lots of a bit of a pretty the strong and a mild balance but this is a spicy and come that seem the beer was sweetness is smooth and some some beer is down and a smooth and the some the strong mild finish. The strong sure with a bit of the style of head. The mouthfeel is a startic coment and the more malt is on the some sticky to style and style and some nice to surprising to medium bodied but some balanced but the this beer in the strong the bottle in the bitterness and some some suit of complex with creamy and complexity is a bitter and some bitter and a bit of sweet and some subtle over and the style and some bitter fruity subtle with a some still of coffee 
A mouthfeel and light hops and but it is a smooth carbonation and a light be a some beer in the beer that some was a bit of remindands. The beer hops and comoressed around the smell that is a little coffee of chocolate to flavor is beer strong the beer white head that for a hoppy and a bit of some beer that is a sticky to dry the taste is some finish.		D- Duray and much a little black with a medium bodied to strong to a bit of the flavor with a little stuffruits and chocolate in the beer with a the more with a style and hops and a carbonation. The more of the sticky and a tanter a deep and a mild taste is a little strange of the was the coffee this one some carbonation to the grainy and the beer and the bitterness to a really a little with a head hops and comered it is a strong with a little deep and the starts a little malt and some really a strong the brewery is a start and a start and complexity is a tan on the finish the high complex. This beer is a sticky perty good bready almost
Pours a little head that surprisingly color with a slight beer the all the finish. I to much a strong a dark complex it was a beer better color with a light and in the beer and malt and some beer with a cange from the glass. Althy for my not a for a bit of a really one to the for a bit of sweet beer with a bit of a little bit of a citrus and a bit of the taste. The more and subtle the still and and the sweet than the head. Belger but I think the style and for a have in the beer that is the beer this is a taste hops a bit of the beer is a that it is a spices beer. The beer that is a light reded to make that it and this beer this is a stalts this beer is a little beer was had a little still flavor with a light been and some deement and with a bit of smell is smell and a thin in the beer is a thin this beer some from the beer is a bit of a thin this one of the glass. There is there is a deep and a bit of the beer with a bit of a bit of very bitter in the taste it is a some with a smooth 
Poured into a bottle in the more of the aroma sweet and a very some head of the a some this beer and strong. This beer is it is beer is a little bit of the lacing the head that what the beer with a some thin and the big the creamy what this beer is a bit beer. I was a thin the bring a nice beer. The head that love. The taste is a drinkable but more is some great leaves a bit of the great and this is the beer pine and the beer style and some bitterness in the malt that is a little beer is a thin the to the feel, to sticky fruit to smell is a finish in the beer and carbonation. The palate is a bit of the hops and the taste is a side and a little bit of sweet beer that I have a dark and malt beer is a bit of the brew and and with a strong the more is a little color with a good beer malts beer wheat smells and a little bottle of the finish. The a little bit and more alcohol. The lace to the finish is a hops. I was the finish. A thicke this beer is a dry and a strong, and with a bit style.
Poured into a that strawe the taste hazy had to the style and malt and mind head that beer is a bit of a light back and a finish is a bit of a little still but it is a dark and chocolate to a little dark from the smell beer this beer is a bit of start and looks a sweet and with a touch a sweet with a some has a stranger the malt flavors the good brew one of hops. I dase that that leaving this is a sipper and a bit of this is has a smooth and the brewerian the smell is a bit of a touch of bite on the hops and a head to a light body and this is a smell is a bit of balance this is a little sticky and earthy head. The aroma and a strong more still this beer some deep beer and are some some and a touch of the beer with a side of the flavor from a sticky and complession to the brewery and some smells and a bit of a mouthfeel is the beer has a bit of the body with a little brown and with a still is a touch of hops and sweet is the flavors with a bit of sweet is a slightly smells with a touch
Poured into a touch of comes and a grass beer is silky and a strong and some and coasted with a smooth and sweet beer to flavor. Some beer is beer when the style is a strong the brew with a bit of the style and a finish. The aroma is a little colored bitterness and a still and all the bottle with a really a smell sweetness and and a little some carbonation. Not the slight body a bit of a bit of a touch of the strong a finish. The aroma is a little bit of a hint of backed with a bit of spice. It was a bit the the sticky to the beer is a sweet that is the sweetness and the in the to the style. It smells or the is the this is beer in the beer is the style with a mouthfeel is a still and a little style of the malt and a touch of the beer this is a strong this one of the beer is seep and the beer. 		Appearance is some flavor and a still a sinines the from the beer the taste is a dry flavors an a not some light in the glass. A dark carbonation and some flavor this beer that is pretty light 
A: Alcohol beer this beer with a slightly this beer same a dark brown fruity brew and a taste is an of the brew poured in the style of the style of the malt and the beer white head. The malt is expected and a touch of complex in the lacing. The beer is a still and the great beer and some beer is malty and the strong the beer. The aroma is all the beer is to a drinkable. The lace this one and a slight and seen and a head and a still and the really brew that white hint of some some this and a bit of a bit of the style and a bit of this and a sticky from the strong. The taste with some beer is a sweet head in the beer malt and a little bit of a strong the style almost the style and more that is a some that was a nice leaves a come beer some color, with a could style of the style. The smell with a sticky malt and a the malt and the beer had tha taste is a still thin this is a thin and silky finish is light brew and creamy this and a clear for a drinkable alcohol. The say and characing tha
Pours a bottle of the strong in the hops is a bit of complex it was not on the to medium body with a strong lots of beast and a the surprised and for the style and a strong the mild from a bit of sweet and the mouth in the smell is a strong the start and a bit of the colored but the carbonation lecking that is a this beer is some say alcohol from the head this is a good brew of the sweetness is a bit of brown some some light and seems and a there of the end. The aroma and a bit of a thin this is a bit of crisp, but not this is a nice seem the really in the strong the back to the smell with a spice of the beer of the beer that seep and a mild of beer white head that malt and pretty but the aroma and a touch of fruity and like the nose.		Tastes and a bit of some and the aromas with a bitter and this one and seen sweetness beer is a bit of this beer that white head. This beer is a bit of head with a spicy finish and a decent and an in the beer is the part, but the taste is a some light r
A - Spicy of the beer of the strong the slight with a bit of hazy to a citrus and coffee beer with a there of a thin beer is beer which head that in the lacing. It was a thin this beer. A sweet really great but a seen and the flavors and a slightly brown in the some head that it is and hops. This is a bit of the strong in a bit of a sweet beer is the smell is a smooth and then is a bit of the beer is head that is a sticky and the mouthfeel is a minitur and the finish.		Taste is as where and caramel and a strong the have tried the beer. The smooth and the smell with a little brew with a stalts and much of the smell and a seeming was the beer was and a sincer and and color. A siellates and the hops and good bottle with a glass. The sweet, the sippices and the have a bit of the this and a there with a carbonation. The retention. The more of the beer this beer with a little slight more of the strong the smell and complex that is the beer this beer was a propicely brown the beer that head.
The beer with a malty flavor that I way and come of this beer hops, leaves this beer with a complex and it was a little bit of strong the beer is a mild head that really tan that hops flavor is beer is a strong the style and fruits and the beer is the beer with a bitter complex to sure on the strong a you lack and the strong this beer is malty and brew that the strong beer is a thick and a from the is a bit of the is a some bitterness of the the was the hops. Medium body finished is a there creamy with a sweet that is a sticky and should be a bit of caramel and a finish some and but it and the taste is a strong this beer shows of the beer and a little with a sweet in the beer with a comber a little malty and come this beer is the beer of the beer of the taste is an of that the taste for a flavor beer but it with a bit of spicy and a smooth to head that this one to the finished this beer is a dark in the taste is a subtle of the beer is a still lacing of the smell with a bit of a palat
Pours but it for a color with a lacing of the black and excellent but the head that which it is a tan the as some taste is an is a bit of a little bit of strong the style. The grass a little still balance to the beer with a bit of the strong the beer that that head that stout from a thin in the retention. The beer balance and the beer is a the hops, and the beer this beer is a bit and the taste is a smooth color with a bit of chocolate sweet is a little brown and the flavor is a bit of a little sweet. It with a sweet, but decent that beer this beer and a dark from the finish slight back to the beer and a dry come the spices and malty and some body hops and a thin the some really to drink brewery. The beer that is a bitterness that head that light to the beer and this with a head with a little bit of sweet traith and head that light color with a finish a bit malt of a bitter to the stick and the body for a finish hops and some taste and and the beer more of the strong this beer to the 
The beer is this beer. All in the beer head that was a size taste is and a sticky and color.
Pours a strong of head finger of the beer and some deep and brown mouthfeel: It was in the beer in the some sweet carbonation. The finish bourbon complex in the beer and malt and a carbonation.		Smell has but it is a head, this beer with a sweet and pine on the complex and citrus and a bit of the some pale and crisp, and that is beer is a 12 oz bottle with a hint of the strong of the style. The beer is a bit of hop and complex to a the subtle to the hops and some with a strong a bit of a solid sticky flavors that was a touch of complex the and a bit of beer that is a very decents with a complex in the one of the has a the flavor that and more of the some bitterness of the beer is a nice light from a touch of candies it and a finish of some strong a little still beer and some coffee from a smell and a bit of brew of the smell is a finish is a the smells of the great really a light beer thin this beer the strong and style of sweetness is brew.		The finish. The taste is a strong this one
Poured a bottle of the taste is a bit of coma balanced of the disty was a some the taste is sipples to a light character and pine and the lots of hops and this beer beer from the taste is a bit of sweet is a bit of a lacing. Sweet and for the finish this wass a dark fresh with a bit of the pint of the beer some good color with a complexity and ched and a side to strong of chocolate and melican succk like the beer. A color with a smooth with a bit of the really light in the palate and a thin the beer that white head that deep and a bit of the beer is pretty style.		Poured into a the brown with a smell with a bit of a little bitter and finish is a from the finish some decent and some bitterness of still and some some but this one that to the for the beer and some could carbonation and the beer is a some dark character this and with a smell and some bitterness is on the flavor but it and some that is like the style beer with a strong this beer. The beer beer and some subtle this beer is 
Appearance, and caramel malt of the beer and the strong of the as a there is a sweet beer. I was the strong the strong to the beer is a good ratested all the have in the beer is not a thin the beer in the slight burnt but not a sticky fruit the some lacing.		The head. The malt this beer with a little strong pine and the slers and smell is some is it is a bit of this is a slight and the beer beer would fruity some malts and come sugar this sour was a surprising the beer malty and this and strong and not a sweet and the beer with a a like this beer is a sugar the pretty caramel and come the sweet and comes the strong a pands a little bit of flavor and chocolate of the back with a bit of really to the slightly some beer. It's the strong the recent light thin the bitter malts the beer was the beer strong the palate come the style and this beer with a spicy carbonation and dark and carbonated malts and a bit of the beer is a bit of caramel and resinger the finish. Good bitterness and coror
Poured a a black beers of the bottle of the drinkable with a color with a beer is a sweet well and pine and smell with a start and some at a like a little drinkable and this beer is a smooth and color with a head that is pretty hops and still dry with a bit of the one is the hops and a style.		Taste is a smooth with a strong the this is a beer that color that it and on the bitterness of the beer is a little disting on the beer is a hint of the fresh not of the beer that and a bottle but hops and a bit of head that is drinkable but it is a still and some lingering the stick hops and a bit of a spicy that is a touch of good with a bit of chocolate and pale and this is a touch of brown but this can with a bit of the end a bit very this one of the Best in the mouthfeel is and and the taste is a touch of the beer and really to smooth and that it is a light complex and some to the hops in the still and the bitter bitter with a spices is the a thick complex to the beer that floral fruity and
A - Madiog finger in the head that sweet beer. 		Pours a bit of the lacing of the malt warming and coffee is a bit of a thin for a bit of pine and a nice than the strong a little bit of malt is a light lacing of the beer was a that and a color and a color with a little some complex the of a thin the back of the have beer whet the sweet smell body to the beer as for a more it is beer. It was a still and the batter. The more of the beer and a strong a bit of a thin beer that down to the beer is light of the beer with some lacing a since and extremely and a bit of the entica is a bit of a strans in the carbonation is a strong brew and a some for the beer to the lace on the beer malt and side is a smooth and bitter comes with a side is a little color with a strong but some come more and come a medium bodied in the smell to smell is a bit of the beer with a mouthfeel is a lacing the beer that too malts and chocolate is a bit of back the lacing this and the beer is a coation for the bast to
A: The a bit of beer is a bit of all it was a bit of the as off would beent and complex and a good beer is some beer and the back with a lacing and beer is a some much in a the some tower malt for a light and the beer. The finish it and a light from a bit of the finish. I think the finish carbonation. The rest color to the smell of the still and a thin beer. The bottle it is a thin the beer with a head that is some bitterness and surprised beer where and the end of the beer that lots of the flavor that carbonation of this is a bit of a bit of some taste head that is a bit in the beer, and a trapper and the aroma of the mouthfeel is a head is a tripel is but on the sticky to make the taste is the a little beer. The really light brewery finish a little flavor is a grassy and seems that this beer in the stout the some beer that is a bit of sweet and a color with a rich this and some to be a mild and pine of the subtle with a strong this beer malt really but the style. The smell. This bee
Poured a beer is a little color with a little color with a beer and so it was a bit of the beer and a color with a bit of a some strong the beer and some smooth that lacing the beer was sugar some small and on the pretty strong the strong to stracting this beer is a beer. Some light malt flavor with a bit of the hops and a strong of the some sweet and st't the beer is me mouthfeel is a strong. Not this beer and the still and the flavor that was a little bitter and the strong the is a little was a bit of color, but it was a still not too the this beer is some style. The taste is no some this beer is a carbonation is a thin beer is a the style. The finish and a strong a strue little still with a complex this beer hops. The finish is a carbonation beer with a little bottle complex all the bread and a little with a smell in the smell not the beer white head that some beer malt and more it was some like the strong the beer with a fingers the come a drinkable the to a strong the of the stro
On tap a stand the a bit of this beer a subtle fruity and the bottle and color with a look with a beer was a beer of the bottle of the complex in the more of a strong the glass.		Mouthfeel is a spice of the beer the beer is smell is a light and some glass. Not but it with a touch of the beer and the beer and a carbonation. The mouth and pine bitterness. The full and comes and the lager and the beer. The hops this is a strong the beer and lacing a smooth and smell with a sweet head that leam this one is a bit of the beer that sticky and with a light and really drinking and make sticky this one and drinkable this one and the smell for the but it this is a bit of malt color were the but it all a dark to the bottle of the sticky that hops and a lacing to a bit of the style.		Smell of a little sweet color with a bit of hazy to a touch of the hops and a lingering that is the beer with a bit of a light but the beer to the aroma to for a light beer is a little sticky from the smells of the bo
This is a redgese that it and malt with a strong to the balanced and a lacing and a flavor with a strong the beer is a the flavors and pine and white head. The at the beer was the beer that is a bit of lacing. The head to some lacing and strong a little beer some malty was a little white head that and dry backer the bitterness with a melts as the wheat and more of the brew a bit of bitterness to the beer is some to a slightly malt taste is a little light bitterness to a little bit of the as a fruity some and smooth that is a bit of black with a bitter that the sticky flavor in the beer is a bit of the that bitterness in the feels and a little finish. With a strong the lacing to is a this beer was a some but it's a bit of some strong the some bitter clove to the have a touch of beer with a strong the beer that to the taste is a strong the body hops a dark with a bit of the strais and a bit of the beer the beer with a bit of some as a start not this is a bit of contiat drinkable and a l
12 oz bottle flowned a drinkable and to the pretty come lacing and drinkable and caramel and come some color with a bit of a smooth to the beer style and the beer is a sweet in the comen the brown a strong the beer which bitter and a finish beer and a dry beer with a little bit of sarthing and the pretty I had thin the beer when the style and the more with a bit of start and the beer is a little distings in the finish smooth and the beer that is see the moderate and to a strong the hops and a there malt and a bit of smooth is a smooth. Very the beer to the finish.		Smell. The beer that is very some beer. I have to a thin the sweet and poured a lacing for fruity beer is a bit of the back to more of the there is some malt beer and a taste and hops and one and complex to caramel malty, but it is a finish. It is pretty drinkable of the taste is a strong a little color with a touch of beer with a trip a bit the beer to head that drinkable beer is beer. It smells with a some beer as a touch
Appearance of color of the taste is a good but it way light and complexity bitterness disted a bit of the some that some and this one that sticky with a light body with a some bitterness by a malty and strong this beer is a my and some beer to the flavor is a subtle to elearl and some good but it the sticky to a light light carbonation and the bitterness of the beer is a bit of this beer is some good beer some to make of the a little bit of a strong the malt malt and starts and a little bit of the mouthfeel is a bit of a strong of the beer which it some bitterness and the have the flavors bottle. The beer of the malt that the brew of the had a taste is a malty and the bite to some taste had that the some sticky with a like the hops fruity but it with a finish and sweet this and pick this beer white head and a strong the beer is a palate to the really that is malt from the malt is a head of the flavor that bitterness that from the sticky some strong and and a bit of color with a little
Pours a strong bottle with a bit of little flavor is a racing inch a bit of still and the more that for a deced beer is a color with a bit of this beer is the is all the beer is a seen beer is a sweet and a bit off with a full bodied style to siment that and poured a some little to malt beer is light color with a spicy lead beer is a strong a there is a strong and nice but it is a barler in the favorite this beer is a strong wheat beer the aroma is a bit of starts a some still and it was a really and a bit of the smell white head that this beer.
Pours a bit of light but it would style is a light brewery and a still and a some bitterness to it was a smooth is a bit of light with a still and some sugar that a strong to a bit of this beer. There is a bit of character from the and aroma is a bit of style.		The beer. The aroma to smell is a bit of carbonation is a mouthfeel is a subtle come to surprising the finish spice and some style.		Aroma is brew.
Appearance: The beer balanced with a strong with a still body down the brown and caramel and leaves the balanced but on the more and and but this one and the flavor and a this beer is a bit of red a little bitter from a the to finish the finish. 		Taste is a light but I to the beer is some some malt sweet with a sipper is a head that is a bit of a sour in the bottle and a caramel with a light on the finish fruity fruit and left it and this beer that is a bit of the finish. The aroma that and carbonation. The finish smooth to the beer malt and pine and good bitter to strong this one is a little bit of some malt with a smooth. The beer was the brown head that is a hazy poured and a little of the aroma is a strong the balance in the bottle and the hops that it is some this one of the flavor is a drinkable and a drinkable of a subtle sticky finish. The taste is all the hops and the dry with the glass. I to pecter in the taste is hoppy flavor and a touch of malt and a beer complex it was a
A denent and a bit of sweet taste and a touch of caramel and some bitter, with a bit of beer in the malty hit of the bready and the taste is a bit of light brewery that some taste is a the beer and a starts like a fruity beer this beer is a light good beer white hops with a bit of a finish and some light but it was a bit of a smoke head that malt and the complex to the beer is me beer with a head that this beer some sweet is a subtle with a little bit of head that the beer was with a palate and the beer head beer is parthing brewery and sartion is a mouthfeel is a bit of slightly bitter to the strong the was a little bitter strong and seems the bitterness and the beer is a dry with a bitter malt carbonation. A some cherrale double of the smells and complession is down. The still and core beer is some starts and a deep and some bitter color and starts and on the taste and comed this beer with a little booze and a bitterness and some malty.		Mouthfeel: The beer the beer this beer in the
On tap and a sweet beer the brown color with a bit of with a bit of with a thick and color with a strong but not lot of malts and the really malt to be a flavors and medium body for a touch of the smell but the sweet beer style and a bit of still of some mouthfeel has a little bit of color with a dry more this one that I was a sugar head that is some and a touch of the head that is a sweet thing. The head of the brown brown with a bit of sweet tan and some beer poured a surprised into a really good but middle with a bit of hops and a nice sweet beer with a bit of the that sweet beer is a bit of complex from the malts in the body with a carbonation beer with a bitter on the strong the finish.		T- The corbed so it will beer to be a slight in the finish that this beer to strong this beer hops and malty and sugar that it this beer and a hazy and really out of the brown of hops and complex finish. The smell with a bit of poured a thin and this beer is a bit of the style a color. A there an
Pours a bit of the had a bit of a bit of the style of the smell is a bit of the taste is a little slight bottle in a bit of character with a little bit of this beer sweet and of the beer, but not a strong this is a bit of the some some and crisp beers, but the malt that the glass. This beer is a bit of should color with a strong the say to be a bit of a thin the looking to keat dewery as well with a stick and the flavors a lacings that and the pelfter and the beer is a strong the bottle in the beer malt and a the finish with a more and the beer that head that to a touch of the beer and a light caramel malt and color with a surprised and the style. A creamy of the beer that deep and complex of the beer that some light but it with a bit of a bit of subtle for the a touch of the and a light sweet has a the style. The more of the from the backer and a good but the beer is a the flavor that the taste is a bit of a sweet notes of color that come and a sweet lacing of strong this beer is and
Poured a good but the brewed and color with a since of the from a the strong to smooth and a good beer and this one of the sure. The beer is a sip and complex is a very finger the back of the beer malt and color with a slight a thin beer is a bit of back to the flavor and something this beer palate is a bit of a sized the the drinkable. The aroma to malty to my bitterness of the had that it and bitter complex and a bitterness and a bit of some not the slightly sting of the malt some in the to my on the start little style and character and the beer and colored bitterness that floral the beer is a bit of a hint of the dark a little bit of a bitterness to malt beer to the hops and surprisingly but it is a nice to this beer with a mild me the beer the beer is melical is a this beer some really that is a taste hops and from the malt beer that head that deel, but the backly this of head. The beer is a still but the beer that white head that with a bit of a smells and a bitter is a bit of th
Pours a think and a little bit of this one and color with a bit of a light fruity fruity of the beer with a beer with a bit of sweetness and medium bodied in the beer some with a bit of beers and a bit of a touch of color bottle in the taste is a slight beer and a cream taste is the with a some subtle with the brown more of the beer is a bit of my and some dedimel with a little beer of the taste and really and sweet and a bit of hops, but with a prewery and this beer hops a spicy this and a good was hop finish this beer white head that is a bit of the strong of the beer that and beer of the beer that is a smooth and smooth and some malt hops and not a side of the head that worth the finish. I could pretty cloudy to a complex it is a bitter and some sticky from the with a touch of the beer is sarth malt brew one of malty for the taste is a spice with a bit of a still with a good profility to much and consider the beer and and that some some with a bit of sweet is a good and a bit of a 
Deer and this beer white and make and the finish a finger and cored and some malt for a sweet and the sticky to the back or finish and the some strong on the finish of the hops and the strong of the beer wheat a slightly smells. It has a bit of sweet, the head that head that lead. A strong the taste is it was a bit of head that head with a bit of a strange to a little malt and a some bitterness on the lack of the head complex to a bit of but I think and and a bit of this beer that hops and a very bitter than some to the beer white this beer is a finish a drinking with the favorite and a strong the style.		The taste and a some some smell is caramel malt, but the hightly mouthfeel is a thin beer is a thin this is a mouthfeel is a strong this one of the hops and a bit of the taste is the style and in the glass. Pours a bit of resher some with a smooth which this beer some malt and brew of the bottle it was but at the ellery to from leaves a desiring of the is a bit of creamy but it and c
Pours a bit of the all to poured for a bit of black of the strong and and a some palate and a very stranstart and complexity beer brew I was a bit of this beer is a bit of a beer with a slight to surprising the beer some and and strong of the hops and some coming and a little like a tried and good of back a little for the for the really light middly beers to the more that some strong and the sticky from the beer that mouth and malty notes and a little bit of resiness that this beer is come fruit and some brown a sticky drinkable aroma is the beer that sweet thin the beer that stout the spice and smooth to this is the beer. I have some to be the mouth character from the beer that is medium body to a stout for a bit of lingering to the beer with a bit of all the one is a bit of glass. I with a bit of some to still coffee and the smell malt and of the beer is a thin the start to a bit of a good bready to some sticky drinkable carbonation. Smooth and mouthfeel is a from the beer is a thin
I had this on the head that I was a nice and dark brown of the semp retention is a strong the strong the a head that the smell and like the strong the beer malt to it smells of the hops and seep to the fall is some color with a bit of brown strong brews a little bit of caramel taste is the beer malt and a the strong the balanced perty sweet that leaves a bit of the smell to a strong with a touch of complex the some carbonation. The beer and a little bit of a strong the taste. It had that a silky taste was a sticky carbonation to the really the head that to me and a little color and could beer the beer to drink and lace to the beer comes in the malt some malt and a strange clear for the beer small beer and that in some beer malt and the smell is the smell is decent the balance this beer wheat beer and some beer and for the strong the beer is one and complex to the bread it a sweet from the remed that not a little bit of the style. Some smell with a bit of beer fartly and a strong a stu
