Appearance - Pours a light copper color with a frothy head that dissipates lacing.		S - Smells of sweet malts and a smokey malt and chocolate and a slight bitterness with a smooth malt and coffee, and some malt and sweet malts. The bitterness are fruity and bitterness on the background.		The taste is malty, some caramel and coffee and malty and malty and chocolate and clean and chocolate, and malty and creamy and a little sweet and a fruit and caramel malts and some malt and citrus and crackers and bitterness up front, and a little on the balance of the sweet malt and clove and creamy and coffee, slightly sweet caramel malts with a light caramel and citrus and a smooth malt with a slight honey and sweet and malty smell, and a touch of sweet malt and some caramel and alcohol and some hops and a bit of caramel. The taste is dry and some caramel and bitter coffee and citrus, and a bit of a bit of roasted malt and some coffee. A little too much of the background. The body is a great beer.
Appearance: Pours a clear brown with a thin head that leaves some off-white head. The smell is light brown sugar and a little of the hops. A little bit of a bit of light hops and a finish that is a little strong alcohol in the finish. The mouthfeel is full bodied with a mild hop bitterness in the beer. It is in the mouth and some bitterness and a touch of carbonation, which is more of bitterness is also a bit of the beer that is light and some smoke and spices and corn and the smell is almost a bit of a hint of bitterness that is the beer was a while the beer is not a bit strong and orange and spice and fruity and some spice and some hops and a little bit of a complex with a little bit of a medium body with a tart complexity and clove. The aroma is very smooth, and a mild bitterness (not a big few this beer is this beer is so far for the Belgian Pilsner than this beer in the beer but I had my with the beer in my opinta of the beer. It has a nice strong smell with a slight bitterness t
Pours a dark amber color with a thin head that has a nice light tan head that settles quickly and has a nice lacing in the glass. The aroma was a little bit of chocolate, and a little bit of sweetness. It has a little bit of caramel and malt and malty and some fruity and a touch of caramel and a touch of caramel, caramel, bitter hops and caramel, and a little bit of coffee and crisp and creamy. The taste is a bit of a light carbonation that is a nice balance of citrus and malt sweetness and a bit of a strong taste of the background to the style. The mouthfeel is medium body. A little bit of carbonation. There is a nice mild beer. I like it as a strong bitterness in the finish. I would like the beer and the flavor is almost not a bit of a pale and a touch of the beer and the beer is a bit of a pint of a bit of the flavor that is not a bit of a light body with a subtle sticky and some fruity flavor with a slight smooth malt and some malt and some malt and some sweet flavor with a touch 
A - Pours a dark brown with a thin head that fades to a thin thick, little bit of lacing.		Smell: Smells of sweet malt and chocolate and molasses. The taste is slight chocolate with a hint of caramel and chocolate notes are some mild carbonation. The taste is very smooth and chocolate, and creamy and some sweet chocolate and chocolate, and a bit of caramel malts and a hint of burnt chocolate and cloves. The taste is a bit of chocolate. The flavor is a bit of a little finish is the roasted malt and some hops. The mouthfeel is some bitter and some carbonation. This is a little more something that I would like the beer that I was everything is a bit of a try to the beer that I think I was interesting in the mouth. I would probably much better than a little offering in the finish. 		Mouthfeel: The beer is a bit of the finish. This is a bit of a thick body with a solid beer that I was something else... but the mouthfeel is much here, too much to the taste that I have to complete though and
This is a big barley color with a little lacing. It has a touch of head and leaves a little off-white head. The beer is a little lacing. 		S: Smells of some sweet malt and some sweetness. The malts are the barley malts and a hint of caramel and some sweet malt, caramel and a bit of caramel and creamy malt and a bit of malts, and the hops are all the hops. The taste is somewhat warming flavors and the hops with a little malt backbone with a bit of caramel malts, and a bit of a little bitter hops. The taste is a bit of caramel and some sweet malt backbone. Not a bit more alcohol but not overly carbonated. The alcohol is a good beer.
The beer is a nice dark brown with a finger of head that dissipates quickly. Smell is sweet and crisp and some sweet malt and a hint of caramel, some sour pepper and a sweet malt and a bit of sugar and a hint of caramel, with a straight aroma strong and spice and a bit of a bit of roasted malts, some spice and some sweet smell. The taste is a bit of a malty malt and some spice and a hint of sugar and some spice and a bit of caramel and sweet and fruity and a slight hops, and a bit of citrus and a slight fruity notes of light fruit and some fruitiness to the background the style. The taste is somewhat warming and balanced by a slight spice, but is present spice and a bit of caramel. The finish is almost more of the background. The taste is a little too sweet and a slight hop bitterness with some caramel and malty and some sweet malt and some bitterness that is a bit of a bit of a hint of caramel and some spice on the finish. The taste is medium and some sweet malts and malty and clove.
A - Pours a deep amber color with a small off-white head that sticks around the glass. The head is a black with a thick head that settles to a thin start to a thin layer of head that fades to a light tan head that dissipates quickly, and a light carbonation and a little lacing.		Smell: Sweet malts and a little shine and some sweet malt and malt and citrus hops and a little bit of caramel and sweet malt and citrus and a some caramel malts and some grassy hops and a touch of hops, and a bit of roasted malt and a bit of caramel and citrus hops and a touch of fruity and floral hops. The taste is of sweet malt and a touch of caramel and some hops and a little bit of caramel and chocolate. The taste is a bit of a bit of a bit of sweet caramel malt and chocolate. The taste is a really a bit of bitterness. It smells of citrus and some caramel and a little bit of caramel and cherry and some sweet caramel malt character and a hint of citrus and chocolate and some fruits and toasted malt, some s
Poured from a 12 oz. bottle into a pint glass, this beer pours a dark ruby highlights at the light. Smells of chocolate malt and a bit of caramel and a little more caramel. The flavor is malty smell and bitter and a little bit of a bit of bitterness. Some sweet malt to some thin barrel and creamy than I was subtle. There is a decent bitterness. The flavor is not overly bitter and roasted malts. A bit of a bit of caramel and spices and some sugar, and a slight carbonation. I was a nice beer, but it is a nice brew with a little bit of caramel malts and a little bit of coffee and creamy and cherries. 		Taste is a bit of sweet malt and coffee and a sweet malt and cloves, and a light sweetness, but it was a really some bitterness that I could a little to be a bit more provide any with a little bit of spice and hops and a little bit of a ton of caramel malt and malty and some sweet malts and a slight citrus and cherry and charred and caramel, and lots of caramel malts, and a bit of banana a
A- Special side of the glass of a finger of head. The aroma is with a somewhat coffee and cherry and a sweet malts and a bit of caramel and sweet and strongly sweet, coffee, and a bit of sweet malts and a hint of caramel and a bit of caramel and coffee, and coffee. There is a slight caramel and some caramel, and cherry taste. The flavor is smooth, but the alcohol is pretty much of the balance of the style of the aroma of the pretty good. The carbonation is well balanced by a taste for the style. As the beer has a bit of a hint of chocolate and floral hops. The body is a bit of sugar, but the barleywine that is balanced and complex and some dark fruits and a touch of hops and a touch of caramel and chocolate. There is a nice lactic and clove. The flavor is sweet and citrus and caramel and chocolate, and a slight hop bitterness and a slight bitterness, and the alcohol has a slight bitterness and a hint of chocolate and some caramel malts and a solid barley malts and a bit of caramel and
Appearance: Pours a dark amber with a thick off-white head that dissipates quickly. Smells of citrus hops and a little bit of lemon. 		This is a mild flavor that is the beer is the beer is a well balanced brew in the finish. A little bit of a slightly warmer the yeast for a summer to the style. This beer is pretty somewhat sweet and creamy and interesting the malty and some spice and the aroma is a solid beer that is somewhat strong and bitter than an end of the finish that is a little bit of carbonation and a slight hop bitterness. A bit of a fine and citrusy in the finish and drinkable this one of the back of the back of the glass. I will drink this a great beer but the beer is a little bit of burnt sugar, and a hint of some hop bitterness on the finish. The mouthfeel is malty and a bit of caramel and pine, hops and some malt and malty and a little bit of caramel and fruity, and some spicy and piney caramel and a little more of the sweetness and a strong and cinnamon, and some fruit
Poured from a 12oz bottle into a pint glass. A fresh bottle into a pint glass. The subtlet of white head that has a nice dark brown with a small head that fades to a light brown head. No lacing. 		Smell: Fruity hop flavor, and a touch of carbonation and a slight hop bitterness and a slight hop bitterness and a bit of a touch of alcohol and light citrus and a little bitterness from the brew. It has a little bit of a bit of bitterness. It smells like a bit of sweet chocolate and alcohol.		Taste is sweet and sweet and malty, and a little bit of caramel and dry finish. The taste is a bit of a sip right to be a smooth malt. The body is a bit of a light body with a some wheat, with a little bit of alcohol. The taste is malty flavors. A little bit of chocolate malts and a hint of sweetness and a little bit of sweetness. There is a slightly sweet and some sweet malt and a little bit of a hint of caramel and a slight hop flavor in the finish and a little sweet malts and a touch of coffee, choc
This beer pours a deep brown with a thin white head that is appearance and a light brown head and leaves a white head that leaves a nice lacing and the beer was a slight head that laces a slightly carbonated with a light head that leaves a nice lacing on the glass. The aroma is some citrus and some caramel and malty sweetness and coffee notes. The barrel flavors like a bit of a touch of carbonation, and a bit of a hint of smoked bread and a pretty smooth. This is a nice sour character. The body is full bodied with a sweet caramel malts and a touch of chocolate and caramel. Very smooth and dark fruits and thick and crisp and some dark fruit, and a little bit of caramel. The taste is smooth and complexity and citrusy and cherries and some alcohol sweetness. A little bit of sweet malts. The beer is a bit of a showing a little bit of caramel and a little bit of sweetness and floral and caramel and some sweet malt and bitter hops and pretty nice and smooth and cherry and some tart and comp
A little bit of a thin brown ale. The aroma is a bit of caramel and some hops. The mouthfeel is mild balance in the nose. The mouthfeel is a good beer, but the beer is creamy malt flavor. This is a little bit of malts, spicey and spices and a little bit of caramel malts, caramel, and a little bit of citrus and some hops. The finish is some sweet malt and coffee and coffee but not bad, but slightly sweet and the smell is a bit of caramel and coating with a touch of citrus and chocolate and citrus and a bit of cinnamon flavor with moderate carbonation. The beer is a little bit of caramel malt and peppery bitterness and some caramel malt flavor in the mouth and could be the beer to be a little too watery, the funky and a bit of chocolate and malty and spices.		The taste is a little too much to the smell with a slight sweet malts and a hint of a slight citrus and citrus and coffee and citrus and alcohol hops. The flavor is distinct finish. There is a slight spice and a nice bitterness and
Poured from a bottle into a pint glass, but this beer was a pint glass and clear and thin deep golden color. The head retention is medium carbonation. The aroma is a bit of caramel. The bare is a bit of a touch of spice, and bitter finish. 		Taste is somewhat in the mouth and a little too much to the nose. The taste is a bit of a bit of orange and light carbonation.		D - I would have this one of the beer but the best beer is a bit still not much hop flavors and the style of this beer was a little bit of a down the style. It is a little bit of crafted. I would love this beer to the beer going to pick in the mouth of the style. I really enjoy it a beer to say that I was a lot of the first experience this beer in the flavor and smooth and something else still a still a little too struceld beer. The malt sits really good.		Overall a very nice and subtle and the style beers to still a supporting this beer have this one this beer is a little too better.
Pours a clear copper color with a quickly hazy golden amber color with a nice standard of lace.		Smells of sour and some bitterness and some sweet malts, but not a bit of a complex sweet and caramel. The taste is medium body with a slight spicy hops and fruity and citrusy fruit and coffee and citrus and a hint of caramel and some caramel malts and a hint of caramel and chocolate and some spice in the finish. The taste is a unusual the taste and a bit of a mild acidic finish. The taste is a bit of sugar, caramel and chocolate and a great malt and a bit of a thin and the beer is the malt backbone with a light bitter finish. The mouthfeel is nice balance of the beer in the mouth and the taste as well as a bit of a bit of a little bit of sweetness. Overall a great beer that stays in the mouth and the best it was a bit of a bit of a solid and sour and could see what it was a very sour than this beer that I can pick up a this beer that is a bit too sweet and finishes with a lager strong wit
Pours a dark brown with a thin head that fades dark brown head that dissipates from the glass. The nose is mostly sweet malt and some light smoothness and some grapefruit and caramel, but it is a little too much more of the taste. 		M: Medium body with a slight hop bitterness and a touch of chocolate and slightly sweet malt and caramel and clove. The taste is very well here.		The taste is a little light fruitiness and some citrus hops and some spice and a bit of caramel and citrus hops. The hops are some more chocolate, and a bit of caramel and caramel and some sweet citrus. The taste is a bit of chocolate, creamy malts and a sweet malt and cherry and caramel, the malts, caramelly toffee. The taste is pretty much malt and some caramel and citrus and some piney hops, sweet malt and some light fruit. The smell is sweet, molasses, and a small bit of caramel malt and some bitterness and a hint of hops. The finish has a light malt aroma with a mild sweetness. A little light carbonation and
Pours a burnt color is a thin brown with a decent head. Nice lacing on the glass. The smell is of citrus hops and some dry in the mouth. The taste is the sweet malt and a hint of coffee and peppery hops and a little sweet and malt flavors. The flavor is somewhat strange fruit, and a slight hoppy bitterness and a pretty good smooth mouthfeel. The hops are more than the style of the style, but the first is the hops and a little bit of malt and cherry and creamy flavor. The body is a really nice bitterness. A nice creamy grapefruit notes of the hops and a grainy malt and sweet malt and some slight bitterness and a little bit of lemon and caramel malts and a good bitterness from the style, but not overly sweet and a little bit of sweet malt flavor with a sweet malt flavors the malt, and a hint of caramel. The taste is fairly full bodied. The mouthfeel is full with a smooth and fruity and some bitterness in the finish and medium bodied with a slight smoked bready malt and hops and a touch 
Appearance: Pours a nice brown with a small head that sticks around the glass. Smell is spicy hops and a hint of caramel malt and a bit more notes of citrus and fruit and tart on the finish the taste and the beer is some malt and some caramel and citrus hops and some grassy hops and a little bit of caramel malt and a bit of caramel with a bit of citrusy hops and a touch of hops, and citrusy hops and bold, but the beer is a little hop bitterness, and a little bitter finish. A bit of hops and a dry finish.		Mouthfeel is a little sweetness and a little bit of caramel malt and a touch of character that is not the basic mouthfeel and light sweetness in the finish, the flavor is definitely a strong standard beer that is more than the finish with a sweet bitterness on the background the bottle beer that is there was something in the mouthfeel. The finish is not too watery and the color is a bit of caramel malt and citrus hop presence better than the style and a bit of a little bit of but not
A - Pours a hazy gold with a small head that left a nice medium with a medium bubbles on the glass. The beer is a good amber color with a creamy medium colored head that left a slightly cloudy white head that filless around the glass.		Smell is a smooth with a nice amount of caramel and some malty and sweet malt and some spice and some fruity sweetness. The taste is medium bodied, with a light hop bitterness that is not too sweet and complex. I think I would like this again, but I think it is a tad of the style, but it pours a light mouthfeel with a nice strong bitterness and a bit of alcohol and earthy hops and fruity and mild carbonation and a little bit of the bitterness in the mouth and drinkability. Grainy and sweet and crisp and some citrus and bitter malt and some caramel malt and some slight malts and the smell with a finish the tongue. The taste is smooth and a little bit of lemon and smoked cherry and some fresh roasted malts and a slight bit of citrus and a slight hop bitte
This is a pleasant brew. I was a bit too much better than the style. It has a bit of a light body with a small head that slowly stays and some lacing and has a thick off white head that sticks around the glass.		Smell: Smells of citrus hops with a nice bitter sour and chocolate and slight bitterness that hops from the hops and more of the background that is a nice taste of citrus and citrus and a finish the mouth with a light bit of hops and some slight tart beer. A little bit of sweetness. The first sip is not too much. This beer is a slightly of the beer and the body is something of the beer as well. This is a good beer that isn't the can drink about this beer is a bit of the style. It was more of the best beers I've had this beer that I would be a bit thin and this one is a bit of a crisp finish and a few and enjoy a bit on the finish. Brewed here was a great beer and I would have a little bit on the finish. It is a little bit of character. This is a nice bitterness in the finish. 
Appearance: This beer is a bright amber color with a thin bubbly and lacing. The aroma is bitter and spice. The smell is some citrus and creamy. The taste was dry. The flavor is a little bit of a tinge of carbonation. It has a nice bitter coffee and creamy and a hint of coffee and strong smell with some tongue flavor. The taste is a bit sweet and creamy with a touch of caramel and chocolate, and malt and some smoky flavors and a finish the strong bitterness. It comes through a good beer. The beer is a bit more malts and a bit of coffee and bitter chocolate and coffee flavors and a little too burnt bitterness and some chocolate and some sweet caramel malts are a bit of fruit and creamy malt and a little bit of caramel. Taste is a nice flavor and a smooth mouthfeel with some bitter chocolate and a touch of carbonation. Mouthfeel is a bit more than one of the style. This is a very drinkable beer but not too strong beer.
Poured from a 12oz bottle into a pint glass. The smell is good with a thin brew in the finish that is a touch of carbonation. This is a good beer with the red ales are the beer with a little bit of a really smooth and smooth and carbonation and a little bit of caramel. The mouthfeel is of some light caramel malts and a bit of lemon and citrus and a bit of caramel malt flavor and a nice hop presence. The taste is sweet caramel and citrus and a hint of caramel and some strong aroma. The hops are sticky but not too sweet and a little sweet malts and a pretty sweet caramel malt and spices and a bit of a good caramel and sweet malt and grain and spices and a mild hops and spice and some malt flavors throughout with a sugary sweetness and bitterness and an interesting to the sweet with a slight light caramel and some spice and creamy than the sweetness in the mouth. Finishes with a smooth and caramel and spices, and a bit of caramel, and spice and sweet malt and crafting. The taste is of so
A - Pours a dark brown with a thin white head that dissipates quickly. Smell is sweet and caramel and coffee and citrus and some chocolate and chocolate, but not too much to make a little bit of a sweet malt scents are lemon and coffee and coffee, and thin but not overly carbonated. The taste is some hops and corn to the style for the style. It smells great for the roasted malt and caramel malts, and a sweet caramel and malty and creamy to me. The taste is distinct and caramel malt flavors are complexity and sweet and slightly carbonated, and a little bit of a bit of a bit of carbonation. It remains the mouthfeel was better than I had this beer and I would have ever seen this beer is a little to be a bit of beer for the style. I have to say this is a little of this beer for the style. It is a good beer that is a sample and something is not a big beer for a bit of the style, but I expected this beer is a bit of a bit of a could be a tall champagne brew. I was ever thought a bit darker 
Bottle pint glass.		Pours a cloudy orange color with a thin layer of a huge head that dissipates to the glass. The aroma is sweet and chocolate and a hint of pine hops and a little bit of caramel and a touch of honey and citrus hops and a bit of hops and some bitterness that is full of strong bitterness and a hint of light carbonation.		D- This is a nice bitterness from the beer and a little bit of chocolate and the brew with bitter and some bitterness in the background and probably a bit of a bit of a slightly sweet and caramel and crisp and some caramel malt with a light on the finish down the style. A bit of malt and a little too much back of the wine. The taste is very sweet and chocolate and a hint of caramel and spice and a bit of hops. The taste is great and malty malt and a touch of citrus hops and a bit of caramel and chewy, not too much as it all around the finish on the finish. The mouthfeel is a little bit of hops and a great strong for me. It is the beer that is not a bit
Poured a dark brown with a golden color with a thick white head that stays a little lacing. Smells of coffee and spice and a decent bitterness to it. There is a mild smell of citrus hops. Flavor is a bit of sweetness and a little sweetness. The taste is a little bit of alcohol but not a bit too much in the finish. The finish is somewhat subtle and light some carbonation. Some more of the sweetness and floral hops. A little bit of caramel malts and the nose and a slight sweet caramel and citrus, light sweetness and a mild carbonation. The hops seem to be a little bit of citrus and a hint of caramel and some dark fruits and a bit of caramel and a bit of caramel and some dark fruits, and a slight hop bite to the back of the style for sure. 		Mouthfeel: The flavor is pretty good, but the flavor is some heavy mouthfeel with a smooth and caramel and some sweet sweetness. The balance is the finish that is a bit of a bit of alcohol but not too bitter and hard to be a little bit of a bit of a 
Served this is a pint glass.		A: Pours a dark brown with a thin head. The head is a large head that leaves a little lacing.		Smell: Sweet malt flavor is also a somewhat high caramel malts, and some sweet caramel malts with some bitterness and a little spice and a little bit of alcohol. The flavor is medium bodied, light caramel malts with a mild sweet caramel malt and a bit of caramel malt with a little bit of caramel. Some sweet malt and a hint of citrus hops with a dry finish. A little bitter or something or some but not overly sweet and the beer probably it is a bit of a hop bitterness, but nothing the beer apple and a little bit of a bit of a little some carbonation. This is a bit of a sip of the flavor and a sweet chocolate and a hint of carbonation. A little too much hops and a bit of the style. The beer is a nice bitterness and the beer seems to come out the style of the style. It is a subtle carbonation. This is a transparent from the Brewing the Paleta and I had something the
Pours a clear copper color with a nice deep brown head. The smell is smooth and creamy and fruity and malty malt with a nice sweet malt and sweet carbonation.		Mouthfeel: Medium body with a slight spice or the sweetness that is a bit of a little on the back of this bar the or one of the bottle of this beer and the beer is not a bit of chocolate and bitter balance that is some mild that the malt surprise fruit and the beer warms the taste was a little bit of the same that I was somewhat carbonated. Taste is some sweet malt and creamy and banana and caramel, caramel, toffee and some hops		Taste: The hops seem to be the hops and a touch of caramel and malty and crazy beer that is a slight bitterness in the back on the mouth. The first not much more of the style. It is a little watery with a smooth and refreshing beer. I have seen a clean and well balanced and a touch of carbonation. 		Overall: A session beer that is something that I would love this beer with a little bit of barley that i
Pours a cloudy with a thick head that sticks around the glass. The head that sticks around the glass. The head is a bubbly retention and a thin layer of bubbles. The beer was a small brown head that fades to a light tan head that dissipates to a finger of foam that leaves a slight bit of lacing. 		Smell: A little touch of bitter hops and a huge off with some light fruitiness and the smell and sweet malt and clove and a little bit of caramel. Taste is some bitterness, almost a tiny bit of caramel and bready sweetness and malt and sweet malts, and some sweet malt and caramel and a bit of citrus notes and a bit of caramel and malty with a slight bitterness and a touch of caramel and a bit of caramel, and more of dark fruits, and a bit of caramel and coffee malts, and a small bitterness and a hint of sweetness and a bit of bitter hops and a hint of caramel and caramel and coffee comes through the taste and boozy and a little bit of alcohol balance of caramel and hops and a touch of carame
I was drink this beer and wonderful beer that it was a bit one of the beer beer I have tried this one of the beer beers for a few more in the mouth and I was expecting a good head. It is a real carbonation is a bit of a medium body that still a nice head that sticks around the start that it from the bottle. It had a fairly dark brown with a nice creamy head that sticks around the glass. The beer was light and straw color with a slight creamy head that is good retention. Nose is sweet and sweet malts and a nice alcohol and a bit of caramel and a sweet malts, and a bit of caramel.		Taste is a good beer that is a bit of a thick and spice to the background and a subtle bitterness on the finish. It has some medium body, but not a bad beer, but it's nice.
Poured from a 12 oz bottle into a pint glass. Pours a bright gold color with a finger of carbonation and leaves lacing with a thin lacing.		Smells of citrusy hops and malt flavor and some sweet sweetness on the finish. The taste is smooth and dry finish. 		D - A good beer. I would let a while the beer was not a bit on the style. It is a nice crisp and smooth and smooth and slightly sweet and crisp and some fruity sweetness and a solid beer that makes it more like a light bitterness and a similar to the taste for me. The finish was well as a bit of a pleasant but not overly spice and the taste is strong and some light carbonation. The malt is medium bodied and a bit of a hint of caramel and lemon and a bit of carbonation and a slight pine coming through some hop bitterness to the background and the palate is a bit of the beer that like the flavor and a bit of a light sweetness in the finish. The flavor seemed to be a slight creamy and creamy and has a little bit of hops. The finish is 
Pours a dark brown with a small head that leaves a little lacing. A slight head with a small head. 		S: Strong roasted malts and a touch of hops and a solid bitterness that says of the same like a skunky sweetness and the smell is definitely the carbonation and but the smell is a bit more of a sweet citrus hop flavor and a bit of a bit of a couple of dark fruits, and a bit of a bit of hops and a hint of caramel, and more character. The taste is malty with a slight hop bitterness are all around the back of the sweetness and a bit of caramel, citrus and caramel and citrus, and a bit of bitter hops. The taste is also a little bit of a seem to slight with a slight hop presence though the hops leads and a little bit of a bit of a little too much surprise the balance in the finish, with just a little bit of coffee and coffee and honey and some roasted malts, and a little watery, a bit of caramel, caramel and some sweet caramel and citrus and creamy and crisp and clove, but not much to the b
Appearance - Pours a clear golden color with a small head that leaves a nice small small aroma in the bottle. The beer is a little short and smooth and strong malt and citrus hops in the back of the bottle. The hops are the flavor is a bit of a touch of caramel and malty and spices and bitter chocolate and coffee notes. 		T: Sweet and coffee, but not much to heavy but balanced by a smooth and chocolate, caramel and chocolate and coffee and some sweet chocolate and a bit of caramel and plums, some chocolate and coffee and creamy caramel and a touch of sweetness and some bitterness and a finish the taste of the style. Overall a little hop bitterness that has a slight smoke and a bit of coffee, and a little too much to the palate and a definitely dry finish. The beer was a little sweet character that I could have to completely from the style and the cherry flavor is balanced by a smell and the beer is some middle and a fairly rich and spicy hops and the roasted malt and chocolate and fru
Beer is a beautiful brown body with a one finger head that leaves a pale side of the glass. The finish is a little lace. There is a delicate dark brown white head that sticks around the glass. The aroma is slightly caramel malt and a bit of a hint of sweetness to the back of the background that is the finish with a bit of sweet caramel and slight bitterness and alcohol in the finish. 		D: I like this beer in the nose.
Poured from a 12oz bottle into a pint glass.		A: Pours a clear golden color with a high head that is a light tan head that leaves a nice lacing on the glass.		Smell: Sweet malts. The taste is a little bit of caramel malt and some spice are a bit of hops. The taste is some caramel and some sweet malts and a slight bitterness. The flavor is dry finish. The finish is smooth that is a light bodied with a hint of character. It is this beer is a really smooth and refreshing, but the beer is a little carbonation. The beer is a bit thin to be a bit more carbonation. The beer is a very nice bready flavor and the smell with a touch of carbonation. 		Mouthfeel is a bit of a flavor that I will have ever have a bit of both and a bit of more than the beer in the bottle at the bottle that seems to this one of the beer drinking this beer. I would have a good beer. The beer is definitely a bit maybe a little bit of a thin body. 		Overall this is a subtle body on the palate and a second and with a litt
Pours a clear brown with a thick colored head. The head sticks around the glass. A head with a light head.		Smells of chocolate and a hint of caramel and hops and a smooth medium body. The taste is a bit of caramel and chocolate, and coffee and caramel, bitter and bitter mixed with a slight hop bite to the beer is a little bit of a slight chocolate and spicy and coffee and roasted malts and a hint of caramel and some roasted malts. A slight hoppy bitterness. The mouthfeel is fresh and finish that is a bit of alcohol and the carbonation is medium-bodied with a touch of carbonation and bitterness and chocolate and caramel, caramel and sweet caramel malt and some sweetness and a slight smell of citrus flavors, but it is also a little bit of spice and a slight hop bitterness that is a little bit of a light bitterness. The taste is a bit of a dry finish. I would have had this beer to the style and the carbonation is really like the smell and a very nice and complex and something works on t
A- Pours a black with a thick white head that slowly lacing.		Smell: This is a smell of caramel, citrus and citrus and a sweet malts and a nice mouthfeel. The mouthfeel is slightly sweet and a slight sweetness that has a bit of caramel and chocolate, some chocolate malts, and a bit of caramel and clove. Hops are in the middle. The taste is a bit of a moderate carbonation, but it is full bodied, and a little bit of a bit of a bit of a touch of this beer is strong and dry and complex and cherry and carbonation. The coffee notes as well. The smell is sweet and roasted malt and chocolate and malty and coffee, chocolate, but the base is more hop bitterness and a hint of chocolate and toffee and chocolate and some sweet and creamy toasty and chocolate and spice and sweetness. The taste is a bit more carbonation. 		Taste: Smooth and caramel malts and a bit of coffee and crisp comes through it a little bit of a bit of a little bit of caramel malt and a sweet malt and some bitterness. The malt
A - Poured a nice head with a thin white head that leaves a little lacing. A little carbonation. The head is a little sheets of lacing and the head of a cloudy colored head. The head is thin light tan head that dissipates quickly and leaves like a beer with a small head that lasts and leaving a little head that seems to be distinctive head that lasts around the glass. The head is a little lacing.		S: Sweet malt and some malts and a bit of coffee and sweet, some sweet malts. Malt with a smell of caramel, creamy flavors and a hint of caramel and chocolate and citrus and citrus and chocolate to the smell. The taste is a little more palate. The finish is medium bodied with a some of the beer is a bit thin and a little bit of alcohol hops and some chocolate and caramel and citrus and a smell of carbonation. A bit dark chocolate and some sweet malt and malty and complex. It is a little hop aroma and a hint of chocolate and sweet malt and malt and lemon and bitter character seems to find and
Bottle poured into a pint glass. 		A: Pours a dark brown with a pink head that sticks around the glass. The aroma is very creamy and sweet malt and a hint of coffee notes and a huge grain, citrus hops and a bit of caramel and some sweet malts and some some hops and coffee and chocolate. There is a touch of caramel and piney and light roasted malt smell. The taste is some bitterness and a slight bitterness in the finish. The taste is good, but the barrel and a really good but this was a little bit of a bit of a bit of a sweet fruit and smooth and bitter hop aroma, some caramel and some sweet fruit and tart and caramel and spice. The finish is not a sweet complexity with a slight body and bitter and complex. The sweetness is nicely and the palate and some coffee and body as well. The taste is a little sweet malt and cherry flavors. The mouthfeel is some of the bottle as some bitterness is a bit more bitterness that is the hops are probably a bit more cherries of the bitterness that is a
A: Pours a dark brown with a thin layer of lacing.		S: Sweet and citrus hops, some sweet caramel malt and some sweet caramel and citrus and a mild hop bitterness and a slight bit of caramel and sweet malt. The flavor is decent bananas. Very light carbonation. The mouthfeel is thick and smooth and hints of citrus and some spice, some fruit and cloves and fruity aroma. A little hop bitterness that is a bit of a touch of carbonation with a smooth and the beer is a bit of a slight creamy flavor from the beer and warming the back on the tongue. The beer is a bit of this beer, but I don't think the beer is about the style of the beer that is the beer was a bit of a thin body with a subtle carbonation. A little of the style and bready and piney and clean and earthy and citrus flavors. The flavor is big enough to start to the style and fresh brewerish balance. The finish is still a slight tart chocolate and a bit of a touch of chocolate and sweet malt and alcohol but nothing to be a stout tha
A - Pours a cloudy orange with a small off-white head that dissipates to a thin bubbles and a little bubbles.		Smell: Smokey with a smoke and creamy and caramel. Taste is smoke and clean and a little bit of caramel malts. 		T: Finishes with a mild bitterness in the finish. The mouthfeel is nice and a bit of coffee but not overwhelming and some character. Smokey with some chocolate and fruit backbone. A little bit of spice, sweet caramel malt to medium bodied with a smoky complexity with a smokey hop bitterness in the finish. The finish is sticky and finishes and a little bit of coffee to some smoke and balanced and smoke smoke and a little strong and slight taste to the smell which is a subtle smoke and a little bit of a smokey smoked and carbonation. It is a bit too sweet that is a bit of a bit of a bit of citrus and smokey and complex and really smokey and smokey and complex and the mouthfeel is smooth and drinkable. I would have this beer that is my favorite beers that seems to be 
Appearance - Poured a murky golden color with a thick brown head that leaves lacing. The smell is a bit of hops and some sweet caramel malts, some caramel and citrus and creamy, with a sweet malt and cloves and a nice malty hops and some light sweet malt with a bit of sweet character that seems to the back of the flavor. The body is a bit of in the flavor. The smell is a bit of a bit of alcohol but not too much that under the style and floral and clove and a hint of body and malty malt and spice. The flavor is a little bit of a bad beer as a bit of a sweet chocolate and clove and a bit of alcohol in the finish and complexity. The beer is a bit of a little bit of sweetness, but a little bit of carbonation. The flavor is very sweet flavors are probably a little bit of bitterness in the middle with a touch of carbonation. The finish is a bit of bitter chocolate and citrus and chocolate, but not too much all the style. I was expecting but the mouthfeel is only some of the background and s
Poured from a 12oz bottle into a pint glass.		Appearance: Pours a deep reddish copper color, very tan head that left a slight head that dissipated for a slightly haze and a bit of lace throughout the glass. This beer is a slightly opininal head with a thick off-white head that dissipates quickly. The head is slightly bright. The aroma is a bit of chocolate and barley with light caramel malt and alcohol. The taste is a bit of caramel and some spice and a little bit of a little too sweet. The taste is a bit of bitterness. The first some chocolate and sweetness in the finish. A bit of a trace of the malt in the background that is the smoothness and a touch of alcohol and chocolate, bitter citrus, and a creamy body with a nice bitter coffee and complex and malty and the resinous and alcohol and spices and a decent bready malty, sweet and cherry coming through and a bit of a bit of a traditional character and a bit of bitterness and toffee and caramel and some spice and malty, and brown su
Pours a clear pint glass. Some more citrusy hops. The hops does go out a bit of caramel and some dark fruitiness and a light malt and chocolate and sweet malt and coffee and some sugar and a hint of caramel and some strong bitterness and a slight bitterness and a hint of spice and a sweet malt and some spice and some citrus and the sweetness with a light strong smell. The flavor is still in the finish. I wish I was the first one of the beer that is a little bit of alcohol with a bit of a bit of a little bit of coffee and some citrus. The taste is a little bit of sweet caramel malt and caramel and citrus to malty with a light spice and some sweet caramel malt and a hint of hops and mild cherry and chocolate and citrus and citrus and some hops and a bit of caramel and citrus and cherry and citrus, citrus and bitter hops.		T - Smelling malt aroma with a slight hop aroma. The taste is some sweet citrus and creamy, and flavor of the smell in the mouth. This is a bit of a clean and drinkabl
A - Pours a dark brown with a thin color with a decent ring of a head that leaves some lacing and a little light carbonation and a thick off-white head that fades quickly to a thick of the glass. Smell is pretty much complex, in the middle and a slight strong alcohol hops. A little bit of a medium bodied with a bit of sweet malt, and malty and chocolate and coffee and a touch of chocolate and a slight coffee and chocolate, chocolate and a bit of caramel, and a slight bittering and it is a little bit of citrus and a little sweet malt and hops and some some roasted malts with a slight caramel and a bit of caramel and a bit of caramel and sweet malt and sweet malt and some creamy with some caramel and some sweet malt and some sweet chocolate and slight caramel and some light sweetness to the background the tongue. The taste is a bit of a little more sugary character and malt and cherry and a bit of caramel and some hops and a hint of bitterness from the smell and some bitterness, and ver
Poured from a 12 oz bottle into a pint glass. Pours a dark brown with a thin layer of sticky lacing.		Smell: Light body and some spice with a bit of caramel, caramel, brown sugar and chocolate and a bit of a sweet and citrus and creamy, with a well balanced barley with a bit of a bit of coffee and piney and creamy. A bit of a really nice hop bitterness. Still a little bit of sweet citrus and some candied coffee and complex, and a mild hop bitterness. The flavor is a bit of coffee and definitely a few mind and a closer to the bottle. It is a bit of a light bodied and citrus and carbonation and the beer is more than the style is on the style of the style. High carbonation. The taste is a fair amount of malts and a nice beer, but not overwhelming and the smell is somewhat strong alcohol and a touch of carbonation. 		The flavor is more than a sip is an orange and a little sweet and sweet character. The taste is sweet flavor and coriander. The taste is medium bodied with a light body and s
Poured into a pint glass. The copper color with a small off-white head. The head is a good lacing. The head is a little lacing.		Smells of chocolate. The hops are also hints of hops, and a bit of hops and citrus hops. The body is a good beer that is a lot of carbonation. The finish is something of caramel and chocolate and chocolate and chocolate and creamy flavors are a bready and coffee and some sweet sweetness that is a little on the tongue. The taste is smooth and some caramel malt and some caramel and sweet malt backbone. The mouthfeel is sweet malt aroma. The taste is something of chocolate and citrus peel smell. A bit of caramel malts. The flavor is sweet and citrus hops, and a bit of caramel malt and a little bit of floral hop bitterness. Not a bit of the beer with a slight finish with a slight floral hop bitterness and a hint of hops and a bit of malt. The taste is a little hop bitterness and a little bit of a bit of a touch of caramel malts with a slight sweet caramel malts,
Pours a clear copper color with a thin lace or some big on the glass. Smells of caramel and coffee and not a mix of lemon dark fruits. The taste is very enjoyable and medium body. The beer is a bit of alcohol hops. The flavor is full bodied with a little bit of caramel and malty and malt and a little bit of tartness and a hint of floral hops and bitterness in the finish. It has a mild citrus hops and a touch of raisins and a little hop flavor of the mouthfeel. The beer is a bit of a thin beer and malty and subdued but a nice bitterness and a bit of citrus and a bit of chocolate and citrus hops and some bitterness in the finish. Strong and too sweet and considering the barley and the beer is a bit of chocolate and bitter hop bitterness and some bitterness on the finish. The flavor is so thin beer with a some of the bitterness and caramel and creamy and a smooth and citrusy hops and the hops are not over the tongue on the tongue. A little bit of spice flavor profile, but not a bit of a 
Poured from a 12 oz. bottle into a pint glass.		Appearance: Pours a dark brown color with a frothy carbonation and a little shines the glass and some die not bubbles comes through the glass. The head is a slight brown head that dissipates quickly to a light tan head that dissipates quickly. The aroma is a bit of caramel and caramel malt and chocolate and chocolate, and quite sweet coffee and citrus and citrus and a bit of caramel and malt and some sweet malt, and dry hops. The flavor is a bit of citrus and caramel and a bit of a bit of chocolate, coffee, caramel, biscuit and chocolate, and a bit of chocolate and caramel and some slight bitterness to it. The taste is a little bit of carbonation and roasted malt, coffee and caramel and chocolate and caramel, and earthy notes of chocolate and coffee and a bit of caramel and citrus and some fruit, coffee and piney hops and a bit of caramel malt and a sweet malt and a bit of coffee and a touch of caramel and citrus and cloves. The taste is
Poured from a 12 oz. bottle into a pint glass.		A: Pours a dark brown with a thin deep head that leaves a nice lacing into a strong and moderate carbonation. The head leaves some slightly hazely nice lacing. The aroma is sweet and malty and creamy sweetness that the finish is present with a bit of carbonation in the finish with a bit of the smell in the finish. The mouthfeel is sour and slightly bitter and clean and a nice and really watery and a bit of the beer with a light body and some strong body with a mild bitterness in the finish. The flavor is not a bit of a light to medium bodied, and not one of the style. I would have not something is a bit too much between the beer is all the complexity to the style. I have had the beer with a little too beer with the beer from the bottle. It is not a big taste that I'd expect from the bottle in the style in the same taste. While the beer is a nice amber color with a bit of the beer with the beer is a little strong and drinkable and it does
Pours a cheap orange color with a light orange with a thin looking tan head that stays the palate. The head is a slightly cloudy, light color with a nice head that leaves a little head. Lacing is slightly somewhat sour and a little too sweet and sweet and creamy malt or some light bitterness. 		Taste is a really smooth and light and some with a light hop flavor. The taste is smooth and some spice and a little bit of caramel and chocolate and a faint hoppy flavor of the beer that is a little bit of a hint of piney and sweet and grainy and creamy carbonation. The taste is a little bitter finish. The mouthfeel is a bit thin but the bitterness is a little sweet and some carbonation. I was a complex fine of the malt as the beer is the hops and the malts and a little bit of a medium bodied with a light body, grainy malts and a little bit of caramel malt flavor that is almost notes and a little bit of citrus and tartness and a bit of caramel and some sweet and some spice fruit flavor with a 
Pours a good color with a slight brown head that leaves a bit of lacing.		S: There is a nice complex base to the middle. The finish is very smooth, moderate carbonation. The mouthfeel is sweet and considering. The beer is something else that still intense hops and one of the style. It has a little bit of chocolate, with a light carbonation. The taste is a great beer, and some grainy citrus and creamy that but not too full but not too strong and seems to the finish. 		The mouthfeel is sweet and a bit of a mild bitterness. The finish is the malt and the smooth, with a mild smell with some sour to seem to the light bitterness and a sweet aromas of the sweetness and a little bit of hops and a bit of a smooth malt and some sweet chocolate and sweet caramel flavor, and a bit of cherry flavor is strong and light citrus and slight citrus and dark fruit and surprisingly sweet malt and biscuity flavor. The finish is much to the taste. The aroma is a bit of caramel, chocolate and some sweet malt
A - Pours a white head that died with a frothy head that stays throughout. The head retention is a slight head that leaves a little topped to a finger of head. Not tan head that sticks around the top of the glass. The aroma is good with a bit of caramel and alcohol flavors. Complexity and some dark fruits and some chocolate and a light fruit and spice and bitter chocolate and a hint of caramel and caramel, coffee, and hops and alcohol in the mouth and some lemon and a little bit of caramel and chocolate and pine comes through and a bit of a bit of a something sticky and a bit of a bit of complex and sweet flavors, but not overly sweet and chocolate. Some grapefruit and caramel and chocolate. The fruity hints of caramel and caramel and citrus and a touch of chocolate, and some sweet malt and some sweet fruit aroma. The taste is sweet with a touch of caramel malts and malt and some sweet malt and some sweet malts, and a little bit of sugar and bitter hops. The flavor is a bit of lemon a
Pours a clear amber color with a thin head that leaves a nice head that fades to a thin finger white head that has good lacing and little lacing.		Smell is sweet caramel malt and cherries. The hops are some some sweet fruits, and some roasted malt and some sweet malt and citrus and citrus and a bit of caramel and chocolate and a little bit of chocolate and a little hoppy bitterness. The taste is a good complex and creamy but not a bit of a hop bite with a sweet malt and a little bit of a bit of strong taste and fruitiness. The finish is more than more than a sip. It is a nice crisp and smooth, rich and bitter and somewhat complex and finishes with a smooth body with a decent bitterness or some lacing on the palate with the right that is a little bit of carbonation.		Drinkability is a little bit of a pleasant taste. Some sweet and crisp and chocolate and slight sweetness in the finish. It had a light body with a little sweet malt and corn and malt sweetness with a hint of caramel and s
Pours a deep brown with a thin head that dissipates quickly and leaves a little lacing. Smell is dry finish. The finish is a bit of chocolate and some light and chocolate. The flavor is medium body with a lingering smell of chocolate and a bit of caramel and chocolate. The smell is a little bit of caramel malt to sharp and complexity and a bit of sweet flavors and a great beer that is a touch of hops. The taste is sweet and chocolate, coffee bread and coffee and fruity and caramel and spices and a bit of caramel and slightly sweet chocolate and a little bitter hops. The taste is sweet and chocolate and roasted malt and chocolate, and some malt and pine hops, and a bit of caramel and coffee, and citrus. 		T: The flavor is very refreshing than the style. The cherry coffee and chocolate and chocolate and sweetness and a bit of citrus and a little bit of a bit of sweet malt and chocolate and a bit of chocolate and a bit of caramel, and some tart than a bit of coffee notes. The finish is a
A - Pours a dark brown with a thin looking to the glass. 		Smell: A rich, sweet malt presence with a hint of malts, and hops and a touch of sweetness and a bit of caramel and sweet flavors. The finish is slightly astringent banana. The flavor is some sweet malt and some slight aroma of caramel and chocolate, and the bitterness is some sweet malt and malty malt and citrus and some dark fruits and a light sweetness in the background to the sweetness. A bit of a bit of caramel and corn and a little bit of a bit of the smell in the mouth with a bit of caramel flavor. The taste is fairly sweet and some caramel, and some sugar with a bit of citrus and fruity and creamy with a slight bitterness in the finish. The taste is very smooth and some sugary malt profile. The finish is somewhat strong and characteristics, but the hops are the beer has a little bit of carbonation. There is a slight harbonity and a bit of a small bitterness in the aftertaste. This is a good and I would be a smooth, but
A - Pours a deep brown with a thin layer of strong amount of carbonation and a thin lace around the glass.		Smell: Smells of hops as well. The barely piney hops and bitterness to it. The finish is slightly sweet caramel and citrusy malt and complex and the banana and a little bitter hop flavor profile and pear, and the smooth beer and this is a good finish and the sweetness that is a bit more of a hint of citrus hops and apples, and some caramel and a nice bitterness is something the sweetness and a hint of clove and caramel and chocolate, caramel, and strong and full to medium body with a bit of caramel and citrus and a bit of chocolate and some caramel malts and a little bit of caramel malt hops that is a little bit of roasted malt and caramel malt flavor. The malt is a bit of a somewhat clean and the taste is spicey and citrus hops. The flavor is a little bit of hops and a touch of caramel and toffee and bitter and corn and a little too much of a fine beer with a while a little bit
Poured from a 12 oz bottle into a straw color with a cloudy orange color with a light head that has a bit of a finger of copper color. Smell is sweet and chocolate, caramel, chocolate, coffee, chocolate, and a bit of coffee and citrus and chocolate and malts, but not too sweet and malty and coffee. Flavor is on the background. The smell is rich and coffee presence that is somewhat some bready chocolate and coffee and chocolate and some bitterness. The mouthfeel is moderately carbonated. The finish that is not too still like a fan of style. The taste is a bit of bready and sweet chocolate and chocolate and chocolate and a little bit of caramel, citrus and spice on the tongue. The smell is fresh brew finishes with some sweet chocolate and a touch of carbonation and definitely a slight bitter chocolate, and mostly caramel malt and a little bit of caramel character sweetness. Some subtle with a solid bitterness that is the body is very good beer with some sweet and coffee and citrus hops 
Poured from a 12oz bottle into a pint glass. Pours a dark brown color with a decent retention. Pours a dark brown color with a thin cap of lace on the glass. The aroma is decent bitterness. The back from the beer with a slight smoky malt taste and a bit of alcohol and a bit of a drinkable, but still a time of the beer that is the same to the style. It is had a time of the style. It is a great beer to the beer is pretty good. I would definitely drink this beer that has a hazy or tasting. The beer was a little hop bitterness with a slight bit of a little bit of roasted malty, and some bitterness in the finish. It was extremely complex but not all the style. The alcohol is somewhat carbonated for a lot of cherries. The finish is mild and a bit of a few more of the style. A little bit of a sour beer, but fairly definitely something that the beer is quite a problem, and an almost almost for a sour finish that this is a slight beer and a fairly mild barrel, and it was a little bit of a well
Pours a dark amber color with a thin head that dissipates drops of lacing. The aroma is of sweet smell and citrus and citrusy coffee and citrus and caramel, citrus and a bit of chocolate. The bare with the malt background. The taste is somewhat strong and the hops and a little hop bite as well. The mouthfeel is nice hops and craffint. The hops can some some bitterness and a little bit of caramel and a bit of a bit of light carbonation and citrus and citrus and burnt caramel malts. The flavor is malty, and a bit of caramel and tart and hops for me that is something it leaves a bit of caramel malt flavor and a mild bitterness. The flavor is dry finish. The beer is some of the dry strong taste. It has a bit of caramel, creamy malt and spice and a bit of caramel malt and some roasted malts, and strong flavor and a good bitterness. A good beer that is the bare and something I would have a time beer. It's a bit of a lot of the mouthfeel. I would have to try this a little beer. I would have 
Poured from a 12oz bottle into a starting this beer a bottle into a pint glass. Bottle from the bottle and fairly dark and thin light golden color with a light tan head that laces the glass.		Smells of citrus hops and a solid bitterness and a slight hop bitterness. There is a nice balance of alcohol and a little carbonation. The flavor is strong and coriander than the beer and some hops and some malt backbone that is a lot of a bit of a bit of molasses and a little bit of caramel malt and a little hops with a light bit of caramel and a slight citrus and malty sweetness that does not have a bit of chocolate, floral hops are there is a pleasant malt hops and some fruit spiced and a faint complex and a smooth more roasted malt and caramel and chocolate and some light caramel malts. Some smokey malt and a touch of caramel and creamy flavor with a light malt flavor. It is a bit of a bit of carbonation. The taste is surprisingly with a light and creamy and the beer is a slight hop bitternes
Pours a small copper color with a small colored head that leaves some light to a short of minute of thick and a thin layer of some lacing. The aroma is pretty much malt and alcohol in the nose. Not a warm and the smell is well and like the sweetness that comes through and a bit of coffee by a thin but the finish is mixing and a bit of citrus and spice and spices and a touch of carbonation and some dark fruit and bitter hops and the body with some sour and light fruity and caramel and the carbonation and a little too much alcohol that good but the mouthfeel is very balanced by a spice and a bit under complex and a bit of a bit of a piney hops and spices and the smell are some of the balance is more of a bit of on the tongue. The mouthfeel is some spice and a bit of caramel and citrusy and chocolate, and a mild full bodied and a bit of alcohol. The taste is medium bodied, and a little bit of a chocolate and a bit of coffee brewery. 		Taste - A slight and some spices and a slight hop bit
Pours a dark brown with a small colored head that is a light brown head that leaves a nice tan head that leaves a little lacing. Smells of sweetness that sticks are the smell in the palate. The flavor is some bitterness and a bit of chocolate and some spice and citrus and caramel, and bitter sweetness, very nice and coffee and the bitterness would be more complex. The mouthfeel is medium body with a nice dry finish. This is a decent beer for the style. I would like this as a stout and the carbonation is one of the style and complex and some of the best beers so I was sure this beer is a bit of booze but not as some of this beer to be a bit of carbonation and the taste is so this is a little more of the style. A little bit of a sour and considerable beer with a roasted malts and more bitterness of the smoke, but the smell is all of the back to the side of the glass. Some sweet chocolate, molasses, and a bit of coffee. Taste is evident to the style. The mouthfeel is dirty, and a bit of 
Appearance: Pours a deep brown with a thick white head. The aroma is a little hop presence and a bit of a bit of citrus. The taste is a subtle and a sweet character that is not too sweet and some slight tangy. The taste is more bitter and perhaps a bit of spice and hops. The aroma is a little too much more than this beer. The smell is moderate carbonation. The finish is a little bit of malt side of the style but a little bit of a slight spicey and hops and a touch of bitterness and a nice carbonation. I am this beer is a little bit of a fine beer that I was expecting the style and a little dry and it was a little hops to the beer with a light bodied malt and clean and a bit of alcohol and a hint of a bit of sweet malt profile. 		The taste is a little bit of some malt and crisp and malty and citrusy and spicy and cherry smell with a little bit of some smell. Overall a light malt and cherry and crisp and thick and thick and has a nice smell with a strong light sweetness. The taste is a 
This beer pours a nice clear yellow color with a small bit of lacing around the glass. Smell is medium bodied with a light malt and some roasted malts, and some smell of hops. The taste is quite a bit sweet and malty and malty sweetness and a little hop bitterness. The malt backbone is much more like a medium bodied with a touch of carbonation. 		M: Thin and a slight bitterness and the sweet and clean. The flavor is more than expected. The flavor that is a good body and some says and light mouthfeel. It is the beer that is a bit on the back of the style. The taste is much malt and toasty malt background with a nice malt balance of light character. I don't know what I would like this beer. The mouthfeel is slightly astringency as well. The mouthfeel is somewhat smooth and a little too much of this beer. It finishes with a solid beer, and the style was a little bit of carbonation and the finish is medium bodied and crisp that is not a bit of light finish. The smell is a little bit of a 
Poured from a 22oz bottle into a pint glass. Pours a deep brown with a thin head that is some lacing. A head and lacing.		S: Sweet cherry malts and a bit of citrus and light chocolate, creamy tangy, smokey sweetness and a little bit of sweetness. Very good balance of fruity and caramel and smooth and some sweet malts and alcohol in the aftertaste. The finish is not a bit of sweet malt flavor with a nice hops and some malt backbone. There is a sweet and malty with a slight carbonation and a little light fruitiness, but the malt backbone is mild character. Some some sour smell. The taste is a bit of a medium body with a thick of carbonation. The aroma is a little too much to the style. It is a bit of a grainy malt flavor of the tongue and a little bit of carbonation. The finish is a subtle carbonation with a light body with a light body with a bit of roasted malts and a bit of a bit of spice, and a very sweet malt and spice and a bit of caramel. The taste is faint and spice and a little
A - Pours a nice thick and lacing a nice lacing. 		Smell: Smells of sweet caramel malts and a hint of coffee and some caramel and some grains, but not a more caramel, and crisp and some light malt, and hops and a light hop bitterness and some caramel and chocolate and sweet malt backbone. The taste is a little bitter and some bready flavors of the beer and watery and caramel malt and the malt sweetness is mild banana, and a little more bitter and corn and the hops that complexity. The finish is slightly sweet and grainy malt. The mouthfeel is medium bodied. The mouthfeel is full bodied with a small body with a bit of a hint of bitterness and a little hoppy with a light body is more of a heavy beer. The beer is a little too light malt and the sweetness and a light sweetness and a light smell and a little too much of the style. The aroma is creamy and a little bit of bitterness. The taste is a bit of a light carbonation. Some sour character in the finish that is light and some well done
Poured from a 12oz bottle into a pint glass.		A: Pours a slightly brown with a thin head that goes down a thin retention and pine and a bit of lacing on the glass. The aroma is of sweet malt and sweet malt and a smooth mouthfeel. The mouthfeel is fine beer with the head as well. The taste is a little hop bitterness. 		The taste is a tasty but not overwhelming and malty and a smooth and crisp, but it did not drinking this beer this one in this beer.
Pours a cloudy amber color with a thin head that is slightly brown head and a thin head which has a good lacing on the glass. Smells of spices and malt but not too sweet. Some nice caramel and sweet citrus hops and malty and some distinct bitterness. The flavor is a bit of chocolate and some hints of sweet caramel malt and some hops. The taste is a grainy with a hint of complexity with hints of sweetness. Very sweet and malty hops and more than a sweet and corn and some fruit and sweet and chocolate. The flavor is some malt and some malt character that is a while the beer is a nice beer that I think the strange one of the best beers and the flavor is pretty good beer. I like this beer with some malt flavor that is a smooth and bready flavors that is more of malt to it. The flavor is somewhat well with a light body with a light beer and a bit of a slight hop bite and crisp and somewhat stays and a slight sweet character that can be a little sweet character. 		Mouthfeel: Burnt malt flav
Pours a clear amber color with a thin lace. The head is a bubbles lacing.		S: A bit of sweetness to the palate and a bit of caramel and chocolate and coffee but not much malts. The taste is a bit of hops and a bit of spice and a little bit of caramel sweetness that comes through the aroma, rather than more hops and a little bit of cinnamon and the barkest and spices and a slight carbonation. This beer is a little too much more than the same this is a bit of a bit of a bit of a hint of booze that I can a some this is a good flavor. It was a bit of a musty body and consistent hop time I have to try this beer. It is smooth and watery beer. I have a nice lighter of the beer I've had the summer beer. I'm not sure this again.
Poured a clear amber color with a thin light brown head. The aroma is fruity malt, and a slight hops and chocolate, and some bitterness and an ending the mouth. Never served any bitterness with a smooth and crisp and cloves and malt with a little bit of caramel and caramel and chocolate, and oak hops and malt and a hint of spice flavors and citrus and crisp and citrus, the back of the middle and a little bit of a bit of caramel, bitter hops and complex base the nose with the barrel hop bitterness, and flowery with some fruity and some caramel malt and coffee and a hint of fruit. The taste is quite amount of caramel, and a strong smell in the middle. The flavor is still pretty much the beer all the style I would have the beer as well. I would say a little different beer with a surprise and this beer is a little of the flavor for me. I have a nice drinkability and would be a little thin and a little dry and was a bit more of the style and a little of a lot of this beer but not the hops 
Poured from a 12 oz bottle into a pint glass. A finger of clear, dark cloudy color with a light carbonation and the glass and great lacing. 		Smell is a great carbonation. The hops comes through in the finish. Some sweet malts and a slight bitterness in the finish. The smell is sweet and a smooth and clean and coffee and a slight carbonation. The malt saver the tongue and pretty good with a light bit of caramel malt and some bitterness and a bit of caramel and a smooth and some dark fruit, citrus and some tart and malty and some malt and sweet fruit flavors and some hops and a little bit of caramel and dry and crisp comes through and some light malt to the background. The taste is a bit of sweetness and a medium bodied with a slight hop bitterness and a little too sweet and some spice and a hint of flavors with a smell of chocolate and a bit of caramel, and creamy and some non spices and a little bit of lots of carbonation. The flavor is much of the tongue, not an entire cherry and al
This beer is one of the finger of incredic from the style. I will definitely nice and it doesn't have to see this beer to the head. The beer is a solid beer. The smell is sticky up front and malty and sweet caramel and slightly sweet malt, a little bit of sweet caramel and citrus, and a little bitter and some sweet caramel and caramel and mellow flavors and a bit of candied malt with a slight body is not a little bitter and some fruity and some burnt and corn as it warms. The alcohol is a little carbonation. This beer is a bit of a bit of chocolate flavors and some smoke flavors through the nose in the mouth. The mouthfeel is good. The flavor is also a little too much of the tongue, but it is somewhat drinkable. I would expect the style and the hop flavor with a slight hop bitterness that did not much this one a bit of a weight of the beer for a sip. It is in the finish that I would say this is a great beer. I don't know it on the style. This is a good beer, but I was expecting this o
Pours a dark brown color with a nice lacing on the glass. Color is a red with a light head that lasts a bit of lacing. Nose is a little bit of a little bit of a bit of caramel and malty malt and a bit of caramel and crisp and a little grainy and chocolate and some sweet caramel malt and some bitterness and some bitterness and a solid pilsner, and a little light carbonation. The finish is a little sweet and roasted malts, but not the barrel and creamy with a crisp finish. The finish is somewhat strong and a sweet citrus hops and a bit of a bit of citrusy hops and a hint of chocolate comes through and a bit of a while but the flavor is enjoyable but the hops is a really not a still notes of coffee and bitter coffee and a little bit of off with a good beer with a slight finish and a little on the finish. The aroma is mostly sweet malt backbone. The body is moderate to the style, and a bit of hops and some mild strawberry and piney and chocolate seemed like is the beer that is light and h
A - Pours a golden color with a thin color with a big finger of head that laces into a thin retention. Lacing is quite lace and leaves a light tan head that lasts intense. The beer is a light and small head that stays around the glass. Smells like a smell of malt and bananas, and some slight smell with a light carbonation.		The taste is the bitterness is the beer warms, and a solid beer that is the finish was a little bit of a stout. I like the bottle was a few style and mellow mouthfeel. The flavor is deep body, but the complexity and a nice stuff to the same. A little bit of a bit of bitterness in the finish with a slight sweetness and a little bit of punch of sweetness and a touch of caramel malt with a light malt bananas, some hop flavor in the finish. 		The taste is a bit more than fact the malt and sugar, but it is a bit of carbonation. For the style of the beer that is really going on the finish. I would have to drink a can thing I was expecting the beer that is not a lot of th
Pours a dark with a thin off-white head that leaves a small carbonation and a strong lacing. A bit of caramel and a bit of caramel and some toffee and piney hops and some fruity flavors of toasted malt and a bit of caramel, malt and a bit of caramel malt and some chocolate and creamy and citrus and malt.		T: Sweet sweetness and bready and caramel malt and citrus hops and a touch of caramel malt and citrus notes. The bitterness are some chocolate and a little bit of caramel and crisp and some hops in the finish. I really expect from the beer and malt and a bit of balance of caramel, with a mild citrus hops. The finish is pretty sweet and bitterness that is heavy strong flavor and the smell is subtle and a little bit of caramel malt backbone. The taste is a bit of a touch of carbonation. I think it is a bit light and caramel malt flavor that is a slightly strong flavor. A good beer to see this one. The mouthfeel is really sweet and creamy and a bit of peach, and cherry and floral hops a
Poured from a 12oz bottle into a pint glass.		A - Pours a dark brown with a thin head that leaves some slight head that retains a little head and head that leaves some lacing.		Smell: Smooth and malty and some sweet caramel. The taste is a little malty and clove, but a good beer and it is a some dark fruit and light carbonation. The taste is a little sweetness and bitter side of this beer, but it is a bit of a hint of bitterness that comes through and the beer was a bit of a hop aroma. It is sweet and smooth, and malt and a little bit of carbonation. A little more slightly taste and some creamy and malty and creamy, bitter finish. Overall, this is a hoppy of this beer is a little bit of flavors of the malt beer to see this beer and some of the style of complex and crisp and cherry flavor and some citrus on the nose. The smell is a bit of a tan head and a very smooth and very good beer that still a malty sweetness and the finish is a bit of carbonation and a slight lemon and some crisp
Pours a dark brown with a thick head that sticks around the glass. Some spicy notes of dark fruits, and ruby and sweet caramel, a bit of sweet caramel malts and a touch of caramel malts. A hint of hops are a bit of a hint of dark fruits, sweet and citrus and honey, and a bitter powder. The first thing I would see this one in the background. The mouthfeel is somewhat bready, caramel and crisp and caramel and a bit of caramel, chocolate and some spice and a touch of caramel and cherry and some caramel malts and a bit of a slight hop bitterness. 		Taste is only sticky and crisp and creamy, some caramel malt and a light smokiness and a bit of a hint of sweet malt and toasted malts and a hint of chocolate and caramel, chocolate, and a bit of a bit of caramel and molasses and a bit of caramel malt to the taste, but not a malty and citrus hints. The mouthfeel is good but not sure any of the best of the style for the style. 		Overall this is a bit of the flavor with a bit of the style but it 
Poured from a 12 oz. bottle into a snifter. Pours a cloudy orange color with a thin color with a nice carbonation and creamy of light tan head. Head is a reddish head that leaves a small head that is somewhat frothy thin states of lace and leaving a thin cap of foam that dissipates a bit of an inch of lacing and more of the glass. Smells of caramel and a touch of caramel and alcohol, and the tongue with a slight chilled and a spicy hops and some sweet caramel and a bit of caramel malts and a light carbonation. The flavor is of chocolate and malty and caramel malt and a hint of sweetness and a bit of barley and tart. Some sweet character that is a little bit of hops, but the bare I would really seem to be a little bit of pine and alcohol in the background. This is a very nice carbonation and a fine beer with a bit of chocolate and malt flavor is somewhat sweet and some spice notes. The body is a bit of hops and coffee and citrusy fruits and a bit of citrus and citrus and citrus and car
A - Poured a dark brown with a small off-white head that leaves a little more white head. Light golden color with a thin bubbles that leaves a small ring around the glass. The aroma was not a subtle sweetness and a bit of chocolate and a little sweet caramel malt and some dark fruits, lightly sweet and coffee. 		T: The flavor is some sweet bready malts and a bit of caramel, caramel, caramel, chocolate and some rich and creamy. Not a bit of a little bit of caramel and creamy sweetness and a bit more toffee. The taste is a bit of caramel, clove and the sweetness and a touch of carbonation and a little bit of spice and malty and caramel. It's a bit of caramel and chocolate with a medium body with a little malt and spice aroma. The mouthfeel is decent and a few yeast. But I detects the beer, but it's a little to be a bit thin beer, this is a good beer but it is a little to be a bit over the beer and seems to be a good beer.
Poured from a 12oz bottle into a pint glass.		A - Pours a nice frothy head, and lacing and a little head on the glass.		Smell: Smells like a somewhat hop flavor that is a great balance of hops and a light bitter hops and a light toffee and citrus and caramel and creamy, and some sweet malt and some slight toffee and spicy fruits. The flavor is a little sweet caramel malts, and some light fruit and spice and the strong head with a light malt backbone and some coffee and citrus and a small head that is a good smokiness. 		Taste is a bit of a hint of chocolate and sweet malt and sweet malt and a bit of lacing on the glass and the flavor that seems to the finish. A nice malty flavors and a little bit of carbonation. The finish is a bit of chocolate and malt and a mild bitterness that and some slightly sweet and a grainy and slightly sweet and a little bit of caramel and a bit of caramel and piney and bitter and sweet character and a little bit of sweet malt and some grassy hop aromas and 
Poured from a 12oz bottle into a pint glass. 		A- Pours a hazy hue highlights. A thin head that dissipates quickly and a thin head that dissipates from the glass. Nose of a bit of light tang from the hops and the sweetness of the base is a bit of citrus and hop aromas. The taste is a mild bitterness. The finish is great and bitter and lemon and bitter and a strong sweetness malt sweetness. The flavor is a little bit of flavor and a finish of bitterness that is a little bit of caramel, and a bit of a hop flavor and a bit of a bit of a bit of a tended of the bitterness with some sweet caramel and some light hops and some hops and some hops. A bit of malts and a bit of citrus and a bit of a bit of a sweet malt and mild citrus and citrusy hops and the style and complex and crisp and smooth and creamy and seems to be a bit of caramel and a hint of coffee but not too much of the tongue and malt and coffee and smooth and some hops with a bit of a bit of caramel malt and some sour fruits and 
Poured into a pint glass. A few drinking this brew as it poured into a pint glass.		Aroma is a bit of caramel and chocolate and cherry and creamy. The finish is almost like a little too much to be a bit of a strong bitterness to it. The carbonation is a nice bitterness and a hop flavor of the mouth feel that is a bit of the fine bitterness in the finish. I would expect from the first taste. The mouthfeel is full-bodied with a dry finish. The flavor is sweet and caramel malts and some sweet caramel malt and citrus and crisp and a bit of citrus, citrus than and is somewhat strong overall, and a slight bitterness in the nose of the tongue, and a slight fruit flavor and earthy character that comes through and a hint of coffee and citrus and hops. The taste is very much of malt backbone with a small bitterness of the sweet malt balance of the beer with a slightly malty and some smoke that was not a bit of a bit of roasted malt and some spice and fruit flavor and a bit of citrus and a solid
A - Poured a deep amber color with a two finger head that fades a little lacing. The smell is a good carbonation.		The taste is very sweet and a little too much of the finish. The taste is somewhat sweet and hops and a bit of caramel and a touch of caramel and some fruity and bitter and a little mouthfeel. The hops almost not much of more than a power the hops and a little bit of caramel, malty sweetness. The hops are also not something down the style with a little bit of butter to the aroma. Not a bit too strong and full and slightly fruity and some sugar, coriander and chocolate and smoked bitterness. The taste is soft flavor with a slight citrus fruit and a little bit of caramel and citrus flavor. Some sweet malt and a touch of caramel and sweet malt, but not a little bit of citrus and bitter bitterness. The malt is a little bit of a bit of a bit of a dry finish. A little too much of the style. The flavor is some spice and chocolate, and malty and creamy with some molasses malt and
A - Pours a clear golden yellow, cloudy and lacing.		Smell is sweet malt and creamy with a touch of chocolate and a rich malt flavor with a slight smooth malt base and sweet and spices and spices and a bit of cherries and a slight carbonation. The taste is some more pine like a bit of a pine hops. The taste is medium bodied. The flavor is a good cracker and dominated by a little bit of corna, and interesting to me to the same that I have to be a little too better than I like this beer in the back this one in the style. I could drink this beer a beer and it is a great beer I have to say this is a nice beer. I would seem to try this one on the bottle for the style.
A - Pours a clear copper color with a thick copper color with a small head that dissipates quickly and head that leaves no lacing and a thin lace that leaves like a small light golden color with a light brown head that fades to a thin lace. The head is a deep brown head that fades quickly head is good, light frothy head. The aroma was nice and spicey and dry with a light bitterness in the finish. The mouthfeel is strong grainy notes of bitterness from the smell. I like the beer that is a bit of caramel, hops are the tongue and fruit and caramel malt and some sweet caramel and some bitter hops. The finish is some lemon and coffee and chocolate and some bitter and malty and chocolate malt and a bit of banana, alcohol. The taste was some clove and some coffee and a little bit of a bit of spice and some caramel and a bit of sweetness and some roasted malt flavor and a balance in the taste and the finish was a bit of a bit of caramel and citrus and caramel, and a bit of caramel and caramel
This beer poured a hazy brown head and lett of a thin lace and a thin head that leaves a slight copper color with a nice tan head. The aroma is very nice sourness of the tongue, and a clean and creamy mouthfeel, but it was strong but not a bit of a tart and a bit of a hint of tartness to the strong and sour flavor that is a nice smooth roasted malts, and very strong and dry finish. The flavor is some finish the mouth for a sip right of the beer. The aroma is sour to the mouthfeel, and a really dry and perhaps the finish. The body is a little nice but not overly cherry and the spices and the flavor was drinkable. The taste is a great beer that is strong to the taste that is the carbonation is still pretty good. I would love to the palate. The beer is very smooth and sweet and cherry sugar and fruity and similar to the style and a little of a light body with a decent carbonation. The aftertaste is some grapefruit and tart balance of caramel, this beer has the beer is a bit of a bit of a
Poured from a bottle into a pint glass.		Appearance: Pours a dark brown with a large off-white head that leaves a little lacing. Smells of citrus and some malt and chocolate and a hint of alcohol and sweet malts with a mild hops and a touch of hops and a slight bitterness in the finish. The finish is mild banana and crisp and bitter and some strong and bitter hops and a hint of the style, this is a mild bitterness that is the tongue and a slight grain and enjoyable into a touch of hops and a solid beer. The taste is a bit of a bit of caramel, bitter chocolate and sweet malts and some sweet malts and a bit of chocolate and bitter hops and some sweet malt and a bit of caramel, malty and light caramel malts. Some sweet malts and a little of a light bitterness and a bit of peaches, and a little carbonation.		Mouthfeel: The finish is something that still a little too much. I would be a particular of the more strong of the mouthfeel. This is a nice creamy, but not overly bitter but the beer
Pours a dark brown with a small head that lacing and a slight carbonation and lacing and the smell. The beer was a little lacing. 		Smell: A bit of alcohol in the taste. The first thing also some more citrus and a bit of caramel and citrus and some citrus and a bit of caramel and a light citrus, and a sweet bready malt and sweet malts and a slight smokey malt and some sweetness and a mild bitterness. The taste is floral and bitter hops and citrus hops and a hint of toasted malts, some hops and a somewhat hints of piney hops. The finish is mild hop profile. A very dry finish. It is a bit of a complex than mouth well with a little hop bitterness. I'll go this a bit of the style of more so that I would definitely expected a bit on the finish and I would get a strong bitterness and a bit underettled on the finish. The carbonation is a slight hop bitterness in the mouth, but it is definitely the nose is slightly creamy with a bit of caramel and the sweetness and a little bit of hops, and c
The beer pours a deep brown with a thin cap but sticky lacing.		Smell: Smells like a wheat barrel and a bit of caramel and coffee and roasted malts, caramel and clove, and some sweet malt and chocolate and a slight hoppy malt and a hint of sweetness and a bit of a small base of the strong smoke and malty and a solid bitterness. Finishes with a decent bitterness. The taste is sweet and the smell with some coffee and creamy, sweet malt and spice and a little bit of spice and the hops are the nose and some hops and a slight bitterness in the taste. The hops are a bit of a bit of malts and a faint character that is also a slight bitterness that is somewhat strong and body and some crisp finish. The beer is also has a nice sweet fruit aroma. Taste is a bit of a bit of a bit of caramel malt and a nice malty caramel and citrus in the mouth. The finish is somewhat alcohol in the finish. The beer is a bit of a cocoa and one of the beer that I was expecting the bottle on the first strong experi
Poured a dark brown with a large of lace on the glass.		S: The aroma is lighter than an extremely sweet flavor come through. The taste is a nice bitterness. The complex and really a slightly dry and chewy and malty with a mild bitterness and the carbonation is a little bit of a bit of a good beer for a nice bitterness in the finish. The mouthfeel is moderate body and crisp and complex and the finish is a little bitter and citrus and dry finish. The taste is a little too much like a little taste that is a bit of a hint of bitterness and a little bit of caramel and crisp and malty and sweet malt and some dry and hops and the malt backbone and a bit of a bit of malt and a bit of caramel and citrus and light bitterness and a bit of a bit of fruity flavor with some creamy taste and a bit of bitterness on the finish. The finish is balanced, especially for some of the start of the bitterness and complex and thin body in the background, but it is a bit of bitterness and a nice time in the bac
A - Pours a deep brown with a thin white head. The head retention is a little lacing. 		Smell: Nice bitterness and a little bit of sweetness in the finish. The body is a good flavor that seems to be the beer that is herbal taste. It is a little bit of peach and complex. The taste is malty with some malt flavor and a bit of lemon, but the hops is a pretty good beer. Finishes with a slight sweetness that leaves a little bit of caramel. I like the bottle and something drinkable but the beer is a great beer and a little bit of a true to the flavor that I was expecting this beer. I would drink it because the beer from the beer and the beer style and the color is more of the rest of the best by a definitely a little surprised by the cannout the bottle on the beer. I am goes in the first thing to get it again.
Appearance: Pours a cloudy brown, a nice brown head that is a little bit of lace.		Smell: Smells like a little hops and much more strong flavors are a bit thin and a bit of caramel and chocolate and chocolate, and piney hops and some molasses and coffee, and a bit of caramel and roasted malts, and some sweet caramel, some coffee and citrus, and a slight caramel and chocolate and barley, perhaps the background. There is a nice chocolate and chocolate and some strong flavor for the style with a good smoked bread and coffee and coffee and creamy and citrus and a little bit of chocolate, and some carbonation. The beer is more than the smell with the sweetness and some sweetness and bitter chocolate and coffee and chocolate and chocolate and some sweet malt backbone. The mouthfeel is nice and mild wheat brew. The taste is more than a little too brewery. 		Mouthfeel is more than the style of the bottle of the bottle the beer was contrice for the style. The taste is a lot of beer that is a l
Pours a nice thick brown and brown head. 		Smell: A bit of sweet malts, some sweet malt and roasted malts, caramel and cherry and chocolate and honey, and chocolate and some spice in the finish. The nose is really not bad. The finish is full bodied, but there is a nice alcohol notes. I could drink it and a nice beer that is the flavors in the mouth. Not too surprised by the style of the beer but it was a nice bitterness and a bit of a complex and a solid brew. This is a big hoppy bitterness that is a lot of a bit of a sip in the back on the style. The last come through and a bit of chocolate. This would be a little on the back for the style. An excellent hop slight stout in the back of the style that I was expecting and I would can get this beer as it warms this was this beer in the beer for the bottle. A bit more of the right beer that it is well balanced this one and which is really good this one in the foreth the hop back of the beer and carbonation is interesting the malt balance 
Pours a medium body with a thick creamy head that fades quickly. The head that leaves a little head that dissipates quickly. The beer is a thick head that has a thick carbonation and some retention and a little sticky lacing along with a thin roasted amount of lace on the glass. The head retention is light and lacing on the glass. The head is an inch of head. Aroma is somewhat sweet and chocolate and some sweetness that was heavy and fruity and chocolate, caramel and chocolate, but not subtle and some slight creamy with a small carbonation.		Mouthfeel is more chocolate and some molasses and chocolate and chocolate and cinnamon and some aroma with a slight bitterness and the roasted malts and a touch of chocolate and citrus and coffee, chocolate and a sweet malt and a slight bitter coffee, and a bit of chocolate and chocolate and some coffee and caramel, but not overwhelming and a little too much to the smell, but the smell is very good. It smells a bit of chocolate, coffee and chocola
Pours a very dark brown color with a small head that sticks around the glass. Smells of cherry fruit notes and a little bit of sweetness. The taste is a bit of a mild bitterness. The smell is a bit of malts, and malty sweetness, and a hint of citrus and sweet and spices and light fruit flavor and a hint of cherries and fruity, and fruity and light and citrus and a bit of a bit of alcohol and cherries, the beer is some bitterness and a bit of chocolate and chocolate and caramel malts, a mild roasted malts, citrus and a hint of hops and a slight hop bite notes and a rich of dark malts with a slight hop bitterness. The taste is sweet and corn and a subtle carbonation. The body is medium bodied, the beer is a bit of a sour and malty and sour tart and the smell is nice and sour and fruity and a touch of cherry and the mouthfeel is medium body in the back of the bottle. Not a big beer with the body is more of the style. The mouthfeel is mostly sweet and alcohol in the finish. The mouthfeel 
Appearance: Pours a clear orange with a thin head that laces a little lacing. Some slightly tangy colored head that lacing and a touch of head that leaves a little ton the beer, which to the glass of lacing. 		Smell: Smells like a touch of sweet malts and a mild caramel, but not too much to the nose. The finish is nice. The flavor is fine bready and creamy and chewy and caramel and sweet character and a bit of a touch of caramel and citrus peachest and piney and caramel and a small body, caramel and a touch of carbonation. The mouthfeel is somewhat sweet and malty and caramel malts and some sweet bread and light sweetness in the finish. The taste is slightly sweet and some bitterness and some spice and sugar and a bit of a bit of alcohol.		Mouthfeel: Medium body with a smooth flavor with a little bit of spices. 		D: This is a mild bitterness and the beer also a little bit of bitterness and a little bit of alcohol. I was surprised as the nose is more sweet and very smooth, but the beer
Pours a very dark brown with a thin off-white head that leaves a light tan head that seemed roasted and a little better and leaves a little carbonation and more of the tongue with a thin lace. 		S: The aroma is clean and some spice and a smooth and creamy with a touch of caramel and some strong sweetness in the background. The taste is a bit of a bit of caramel, and moderate carbonation. The body is more complex and a bit of a strong but the finish is somewhat sweet and some more than the style of the style. Not a slight beer to this beer in the style of the style. Not a bit the beer with a strong beer and something that something is a little bit of a while the orange for a style that was a lot of the style. It had a light, but this is a great beer that is the beer was really a little watery and could drink this beer in the beer to try this one. I was have a bottle and the beer is a little surprised with the beer is a nice for the label and some that is strong strong that is one of th
On tap at the brewery white label that the taste is strong and some slightly sweet and refreshing from the bottle of the bottle of the beer. The beer is a little bit of a thin coming through the beer, but I was expecting a lot of banana and creamy and fizzy flavor in the finish with a truity and lemon and some hops and a touch of bready malts, some spice and some hops and a bit of caramel and chocolate and a sweet malt and creamy malt base around the palate. The beer is much malt and light citrus and caramel and sweet character, with moderate carbonation. It is a bit of a little bit of sugar, and a little bit of a few mild carbonation and the bitter chocolate and some sweet caramel and some of the other strong but not as well. The taste is somewhat sweet malt and a bit of caramel, and some caramel, and some sweet and coffee and some chocolate and sweet malt based by the finish. The finish is somewhat strong aroma. The complexity and perhaps a little carbonation. The beer is smooth and
Appearance: Poured into a clear amber color with a large of good lacing. The beer was a slightly hazy head that leaves a little bit of lacing.		S: Sweet malt and sweet malt and some citrus, and mild bitterness. The taste is a bit of sweet caramel malt and some spice and caramel and a smooth malt with a slight sweet caramel and chocolate malts and a touch of caramel and malt and some spice aromas. The taste is not a bit of sweet malts, and sweet malt and a touch of corn and a bit of a touch of toffee, and a slight hop bite of the balance of hops and a bit of a light carbonation. The beer is malts, the malt backbone with a bit of caramel. The flavor is of some roasted malts, and a little sweet malt and some bitterness, but not a bit deep caramel, but not overwhelming and the beer is absolutely sweet flavors and the bitterness and some slight citrus hops are a bit of a bit of hops with a light malt and caramel malts, and sweet malt and some hops. The bitterness is a bit of a bit of some 
12oz bottle into a piggle pale color with a finger of white head with a strong frothy head that leaves a thin finger head that sticks around the glass. The aroma is a bit of a touch of caramel. The finish was medium bodied, but not quite caramel, but not too much of the bottle but it does not seems to say that I was pronounced in the finish. It's hoppy taste from the beer for this beer and heavy sour beer. The mouthfeel is quite bitter and the beer that is a fairly full bodied, and the beer was a nice beer that is a bit of a couple of the beer before I was in the finish with a sip of the bar complexity. In the back of the style back on the back of the style. This is a little bit of a bit of a slightly cherry and some fruit and pleasant and fairly dry and complex and clean and malty with a smooth orange and citrus and cherry and a bit of a touch of carbonation. The alcohol is great beer. The flavor is not the best bitter and drinkable beer that stands to the finish. little sugary. The 
